0 and this movie has crossed it . i have never seen such a terrible movie in my life ! i mean , a kid ' s head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled ? a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible ? this was a pitiful excuse for a movie .
1 before he became defined as nick charles in the thin man series , william powell played another urbane detective named philo vance . the supporting cast is strong in this early talkie , and powell ' s star quality is evident . mary astor , who eight years later would be defined by her portrayal of brigid o ' shaughnessy , does a good job here as the featured woman who finds herself in the middle of it all .
1 superb movie . very good photography of 1969 / 70 bolton , which seems now to be a different world . thoughtful and an excellent dramatisation and production . james mason a real first class star . it is and i would agree with the above comment that this movie is a national treasure .
1 i bought this while i was playing chess in hastings . i am from denmark though . it is very good . definitely with an understanding of the horror genre . the monster towards the end is very scary . people who criticise this on imdb should recall that it was a huge succes among serious horror critics . < br / > < br / >
0 this appalling film somehow saw the light of day in 1988 . it looks and sounds as if it had been produced 20 or 30 years earlier , and features some of the worst songs ever included in a major motion picture . i weep for the parents and children who paid top dollar to see this .
1 this was a very good movie i wished i could find it in vhs to buy , i really enjoyed this movie i would definaetly recommend this movie to watch i would like to see it again but can never find it in tv , it would be well worth the time to watch it again
0 profanity , stupidity , self - indulgence , and bad acting all join forces for a true tour de force in terrible movie - making . pesci ' s attempt to prove my cousin vinny was no fluke , shows the opposite instead . he is generally too lightweight and foulmouthed to handle the lead . a true must - miss !
1 the movie is a bit " thin " after reading the book , but it ' s still one of the greatest movies ever made . sheryl lee is beautiful and nick nolte is really " vonneguty " . he makes great job expressing the feelings from the book to the film . not many films engage the feeling of the book as well as mother night does .
0 any movie that portrays the hard - working responsible husband as the person who has to change because of bored , cheating wife is an obvious result of 8 years of the clinton era . < br / > < br / > it ' s little wonder that this movie was written by a woman .
1 personally , i disdain the jerry springer show , however , i found " ringmaster " to be the funniest movie i ' ve seen this year . the never - ending satire of jerry springer " guests " starting in the opening scene keeps you laughing throughout the movie . despite a brief scene in which jerry springer makes a feeble attempt at justifying his existence , i definitely recommend this movie for sheer entertainment value .
1 errol flynn ' s greatest movie , not just a sports movie with a wonder last 5 minutes where ward bond shines . don ' t miss it just because you think its an old movie . its a classic that could be easily missed . do yourself a favour and don ' t .
0 annoying , static comedy with a painfully miscast peter sellers as a smarmy , self - centered casanova who always has his way with the ladies . a major blemish on sellers ' filmography , and , even worse , a film that seems to have been made solely to satisfy the ego of its star . ( * )
1 the visuals and effects are up to par with the the original film and provide a lot of entertainment even if the storyline is essentially the same as the first two films . it also seems a lot more erotically charged than i remember the other films being . if you ' re a big fan of flying prehensile hair and tongues that can reach all the way down into your stomach , you ' ll like this film .
1 beautiful to watch , but what would be the first thing you would do the moment you discovered atlantis ? explore it ! here was a golden opportunity to take viewers someplace special . instead , disney reverted to the same old formula story telling .
1 this is a great movie but there could be more about soylent green . there should be more scenes of what they do to people . how people act in 2022 . i think it would be neat to see if all this does happen in the year 2022 and beyond . even if you still know what the secret is it is a great movie . so go rent or buy this movie right now ! !
0 although twenty minutes of love is a harmless attempt at an early comedy , it was difficult to follow and the film quality was not very good . it does have a couple of moments that are funny , but i have seen better by charlie chaplin .
0 the progression of the plot is enough to " rope one in " and create curiosity about the outcome . however , ultimately , the feeling that remains is that the producers of the movie forgot to end it . if the intention was to create a perpetual circle ( occasionally done in the twilight zone ) , it was too sloppy to view as a positive effort .
1 this is without a doubt the funniest of the curly stooges shorts . i ' ve seen it dozens of times and it always makes me laugh . hilarious pantomime sequences . a perfect example of " musical comedy " . even people who don ' t like the knuckleheads remember this one fondly .
1 melissa joan hart shines ! this show is amazing ! ! there is no match . except for maybe melissa in clarissa explains it all . she was marvelous in that , too . this is so much better than buffy , the vampire slayer . this show is wonderful !
1 this has to be one of my favourite movies of all time . the dialogue , with the constant use of puns is very tight , the cast are superb , and the plot is highly original . < br / > < br / > don ' t take my word for it - watch this movie and enjoy it for yourself .
0 a mix of ninja stuff mixed with a sub - james bond storyline . the result is incredibly awful and boring , being just the stage for endless gun battles . i can ' t believe this was released in theaters . terminate this movie .
0 despite the high ratings given to this film by imdb users , this is nothing more than your typical girl - with - a - bad - childhood - obsessively - stalks - married - man film . the attractive justine priestly ' s brief nude scenes may attract voyeurs , but the film is hackneyed tripe . < br / > < br / > * 1 / 2 out of * * * *
0 terrible story , poor acting and no humour at all ( apart from the final joke at the end ) < br / > < br / > some sort of ugly angel is sent to earth to save a boy and his mum from being thrown out of their home . supposed to be a kiddies movie , but even they will not be amused by this terrible film
1 this is a romantic comedy where albert einstein , played wonderfully by walter matthau , and his cronies play match maker to his niece ( meg ryan ) and a talented auto mechanic ( tim robbins ) . the interplay among these major roles is augmented by a terrific supporting cast of well recognized character actors . this movie is cute and fun . . . a " feel - gooder " ! hearty recommendations .
0 no likeable characters ( the lead is a combination of the worst of woody allen / paul provensa / reiser ) and the contrived scenes ( did anyone really think thiat kid on the rollerblades was not going to knock the guy down ? ) were just sickeningly bad . < br / > < br / >
1 i would never have thought i would almost cry viewing one minute excerpted from a 1920 black and white movie without sound . thanks to martin scorsese i did ( the movie was from f . borzage ) . you will start to understand ( if it ' s not already the case ) , what makes a good movie .
1 in ten words or less to describe this film , barbara stanwyck is too appealing and it is great ! the film is wonderful , except for the perhaps tacked - on ending , but i love happy endings anyway . barbara stanwyck , however , as the platinum - blonde gold - digger is amazing . she knows what she wants and goes after it ! this film is sexy and excellent !
0 once in a while you get amazed over how bad a film can be , and how in the world anybody could raise money to make this kind of crap . there is absolutely no talent included in this film - from a crappy script , to a crappy story to crappy acting . amazing . . .
0 imagine the worst a - team episode add even more bad taste remove humor and you might get an idea of how despicable this movie is ! looks like a teenager stole daddy ' s camcorder and filmed the explosion of his little sister barbie model house . pathetic .
0 i have to admit that by moments i had to laugh at how bad that movie was . . . but the laughs were too few and since this whole thing was in no way a parody , it felt more like an insult to the viewer ' s intelligence . the worst acting i have ever seen from any of these people . . .
1 excellent film . i cried when she cried , i loved when they loved , i was frustrated when they were . this film touched my heart . it was a reality check for me since this is reality for me , a 19 year old soldier
1 the plot had some wretched , unbelievable twists . however , the chemistry between mel brooks and leslie ann warren was excellent . the insight that she comes to , " there are just moments , " provides a philosophical handle by which anyone could pick up , and embrace , life . < br / > < br / > that was one of several moments that were wonderfully memorable .
1 the plot is tight . the acting is flawless . the directing , script , scenery , casting are all well done . i watch this movie frequently , though i don ' t know what it is about the whole thing that grabs me . see it and drop me a line if you can figure out why i like it so much .
0 it ' s terrific when a funny movie doesn ' t make smile you . what a pity ! ! this film is very boring and so long . it ' s simply painfull . the story is staggering without goal and no fun . < br / > < br / > you feel better when it ' s finished .
1 nice movie with a great soundtrack which spans through the rock landscape of the 70 ' s and 80 ' s . radiofreccia describes a generation , it describes life in a small village near correggio ( hometown of ligabue , the singer who wrote the book that inspired the movie ) , it describes life of young people and their problems relating to the world . it reminds of trainspotting , with a bit of italian touch .
1 nothing new is this tired serio - comedy that wastes the talents of danny glover and whoopi goldberg . considering that this was produced by the stars and spike lee , it ' s pretty tame and tired stuff . and how come the whoop never changes her hair or glasses over the many years this film covers ? blah !
1 this unpretentious horror film is probably destined to become a cult classic . much much better than 90 % of the scream rip - offs out there ! i even hope they come up with a sequel !
0 the movie was awful . the theater was dead with silence ' cause everyone was embarrassed to be in there watching such trash . i think someone gave jet li a lobotomy and made him perform a script with dialogue written by a five year old . the martial arts are ' ok ' , but when put next to the jackie chan movies and " the matrix " you ' re better off seeing one of those .
1 since educating rita , julie walters has been one of my role models , and her performance in this as a woman who helps the man she loves get in synch with his feminine side is magnificent . i would never have believed her character in the hands of a lesser actress , but walters pulls it off with gusto and panache . adrian pasdar gives his best performance to - date in the male lead .
1 this is an excellent film , with an extraordinary cast and acting . i was very disappointed with the academy awards when this didn ' t get the oscar for best film and for best actress ( woopi goldberg ) . . . it certainly deserved it . in any case , take a look at it . i am sure you will enjoy it very much .
0 i didn ' t know it was possible to release a movie this bad . the labeling sounded so promising , but you would think that with a cast of 20 , at least one of them would be able to act . my wife left me and went to bed after the first 20 minutes . she made a wise decision .
1 if you like gangster type of movies , then this is the first one you should buy or at least rent , al pacino his performance is top notch . and the story is classic ! ! 10 / 10 ! ! ! ! why isn ' t this movie in the top 250 list ? ?
1 this is hardly a movie at all , but rather a real vaudeville show , filmed for the most part " in proscenium " , and starring some of the greatest stage stars of the day . " singing in the bathtub " is an absolutely amazing production number that must be seen - - be sure to wear your shower cap !
1 i was particularly moved by the understated courage and integrity of l ' anglaise , in this beautifully acted , intellectually and visually compelling film . thank you so much , monsieur le directeur rohmer .
1 busy phillips put in one hell of a performance , both comedic and dramatic . erika christensen was good but busy stole the show . it was a nice touch after the smokers , a movie starring busy , which wasnt all that great . if busy doesnt get a nomination of any kind for this film it would be a disaster . forget mona lisa smile , see home room .
0 i honestly don ' t understand how tripe like this gets made . the worst junior - high talent show skit you ' ve ever seen is more entertaining than this film . will ferrell ' s wrestling fetish provides the only ( briefly ) humorous moments . utterly horrible .
1 jim carrey rocks ! if he ' s in a movie its bound to be good ! he did not disappoint me with this one ! the rest of the cast was cute , especially little cindy lou who and martha may , i was laughing through the whole thing and cannot wait to see it again !
1 the way this story played out and the interaction between the 2 lead characters may lead me to believe that if the x - files continues without mulder and scully , these would be a pretty good replacement duo .
0 this is by far one of the worst movies i have ever seen , the poor special effects along with the poor acting are just a few of the things wrong with this film . i am fan of the first two major leagues but this one is lame !
1 personally , i think sayonara was the greatest movie he ever made . it touched every emotion from anger to romance to complete tragedy . and brando should have won for best actor . anyway , the movie is awesome , the man is attractive to both men and women and now you have no reason not to see it ! do so , and fall in love .
0 if this movie were more about piper perabo ' s character and less about the bar , this might have been halfway decent . piper ' s violet stanford and karen friendly ( adventures of rocky and bullwinkle ) both have a virgin kindegarden teacher quality to them that ' s endearing . here ' s hoping she ' ll find a better movie to be in .
1 so many consider the black cat as the best karloff / lugosi collaboration . i disagree . the invisible ray is their best . a great storyline , fantastic special effects , and classic karloff over - acting . i love it ! !
0 the direction struck me as poor man ' s ingemar bergman . the inaudible dialogue was annoying . the somber stoicism that all characters except banderas ' showed made me think they were drugged . i think the director ruined it for me .
0 this is really a very bad movie . why ? first of all , the story is bad . it is an artificial story , combining all sorts of things together that make no sense . it just seems a wrong experiment . secondly , the actors cannot play in a realistic manner . they cannot even talk as an actor should . why did i buy this movie ? and what must i do with it now ?
0 perhaps it ' s because i am so in love with the william holden - kim novak version , or because i ' m not a gen - x ' er , but this was absolutely the worst remake i have ever seen . without the original ' s soundtrack , it just seemed like another typical tv movie . . . yes , about as bland as kraft cheese .
1 holes is a wonderful film to see . it has good messages in in , such as : be a good friend , never give up , etc . i highly recommend it to anyone . i still say the book is better than the movie , but the movie gives the book a run for its money . also , khleo thomas plays zero . that really adds to it ! ! ! ! lol ! ! !
1 this is probably my favorite movie of all time . it is perfection in its storytelling . it will break your heart not because it ' s over sentimental but because you will truly feel every emotion these characters go through . you feel for doggie because of the hopeless situation that existed for young girls in china at that time .
1 i just watched this movie for the second time , and enjoyed it as much as the first time . it is a very emotional and beautiful movie , with good acting and great family values . inspiring and touching !
1 i enjoyed every moment of this movie , even though i knew they could never really be together . with the life expectancy of a bomber pilot being only six weeks , it made me feel for all of those women and men back in the 1940 ' s who must have lived this story .
0 i was fooled to rent this movie by its impressive cover . alas . it is easily one of the worst movies ever made . judging by the acting of the film characters , it ' s more a comedy than a horror film . no surprise why no one else has written comments on the imdb . avoid it .
0 what a dreadful film this is . the only reason you would want to sit through this mess is the pleasurable sight of miss eleniak . the painful overacting of mr mcnamara , which became embarrassing at times , ruined what might have been a reasonable film if the correct actors had been cast . mr mcnamara is no tom cruise , the actor he obviously wants to be .
0 this movie is terrible . the suspense is spent waiting for a point . there isn ' t much of one . < br / > < br / > aside from a few great lines ( " i found a tooth in my apartment " ) , and the main characters dedication to killing himself , it ' s a collection of supposedly eerie sounds . < br / > < br / >
1 the extended nuclear family , united in business as well as in personal life , is examined in this serious study of a grown son ' s conflict with his father ' s desire that he remain in the family business . this triggers a midlife crisis which may or may not be ameliorated by an affair and retreat to a shrink ' s couch . very fine acting by all . a sleeper that deserves wide attention .
1 just read the original story which is written by pu in 18th century . strikingly , the movie despict the original spirit very well , though the plot was modified tremendously . the film language , the rhythm , the special effect are all from hollywood , but still there is a chinese core . it is amazing how hark tsui managed to combine them together . the result is pure beauty .
0 ' utter crap ' pretty well sums up what this . . . . " movie " was . i ' d rather examine the colon of an african elephant with a penlight than sit through this again . i think i ' ve wasted enough time watching this " movie " - i don ' t need to waste more by commenting on it further . . . . . .
1 considering the big name cast and lavish production i expected a lot more of this film . the acting for the most part is great , although the story they have to work with is mediocre at best . however the film still warrants watching because of the acting and the stars and some and up and coming young talent .
1 love it , love it , love it ! this is another absolutely superb performance from the divine miss m . from the beginning to the end , this is one big treat ! don ' t rent it - buy it now !
1 i liked this movie because it told a very interesting story about living in a totally different world at the south pole . susan sarandon is such a good actor , that she made an interesting , strong character out of mediocre writing . the true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome .
1 this movie is one of the best ever produced by disney . < br / > < br / > the plot is very original and entertaining . the animated sequence is also very well done with the live actors . ( for the time ) . < br / > < br / > perhaps one of my favorite sequences is contained in this movie with the march of the suits of armor .
0 begins better than it ends . funny that the russian submarine crew outperforms all other actors . it ' s like those scenes where documentary shots . . . < br / > < br / > - - - spoiler part - - - - the message dechifered was contrary to the whole story . it just does not mesh . < br / > < br / >
1 this is a bizzare look at al ' s " life " , back when he still a hyper 20 - something . the ( real ) home videos of al as a kid are great , and the commentary from his ( real life ) parents gives a nice glimpse of just how weird al wound up as screwed up as he is . this video is a must own for any devoted al - coholic .
1 well let me go say this because i love history and i know that movie is most important piece in our history and it was beautifully executed movie and julia stiles became my # 1 favorite actress after seeing her in " the ' 60s " and i own this movie in my video box with many movies and i suggest you to look for her new movies in the future and try to enjoy history ! ! ! !
0 i always found betsy drake rather creepy , and this movie reinforces that . as another review said , this is a stalker movie that isn ' t very funny . i watched it because it has cg in it , but he hardly gets any screen time . it ' s no " north by northwest " . . .
0 disappointing , predictable film in which a woman ( mc teer ) travels with her daughter from state to state because she can ' t maintain relationships and find happiness . in this genre ' anywhere but here ' starring susan sarandon and natalie portman gave a much better insight into a mother / daughter relationship . with better acting as well .
0 this is only related to the first movie by the name . the plot has nothing to do with the first and the whole movie stinks ! ! ! i have no idea what they were thinking but this movie is so bad . avoid this at all costs , the first movie in the series is acceptable as a slasher flick and so is the fourth but this one and the 3rd are rubbish ! !
1 did sandra ( yes , she must have ) know we would still be here for her some nine years later ? < br / > < br / > see it if you haven ' t , again if you have ; see her live while you can .
0 imagine a woman alone in a house for forty five minutes in which absolutely nothing happens . then this goes on twice more . the writing is flat and lifeless , and jokes unfunny , and the bad acting keeps you from caring about any of the characters , even when they battle wolf packs and get beaten up by fraternity goons . anyone that ranked this movie higher than a two is not fully sane .
1 to me this was colin farrells best movie evr ! he introduced himself to america through this movie and he was great . he really got you into his charictor and made u feel the passion he was putting into his role . in my opinion it is a great movie and my favorite .
1 possibly the best movie ever created in the history of jeffrey combs career , and one that should be looked upon by all talent in hollywood for his versatility , charisma , and uniqueness he brings through his characters and his knowledge of acting .
1 another good stooge short ! christine mcintyre is so lovely and evil and the same time in this one ! she is such a great actress ! the stooges are very good and especially shemp and larry ! this to is a good one to watch around autumn time !
0 yes , you guessed it . another movie where identical twins switch places . i think now that the olsen twins are getting older they should try and make the plot less predictable and less like re - runs of ' full house ' . if you plan on seeing this film , don ' t . watch ' the parent trap ' instead . it ' s more entertaining .
0 this is the worst film i have ever seen . i was watching this film with some friends and after 40 minutes we had enough . the plot was bad and there wasn ' t a single likeable character . i could get more entertainment watching static . i gave this movie a 1 only because the scale didn ' t go into negative numbers . avoid this movie at all costs .
1 this was a very good film . i didn ' t go into it with very high expectations and was pleasantly surprised by the acting , the script , and the scenery . miranda richardson was fantastic and so was joan plowright . they stole the show . but the other actors played their parts wonderfully also . very enjoyable film .
1 i really liked this movie despite one scene that was pretty bad ( the one when samantha and nick are flirting in the hotel ) . the story is so cool and can ' t wait to read the book ! bravo for the super station !
0 excruciatingly slow - paced , over - scripted black comedy with a too - clever premise and bad acting . < br / > < br / > maybe this would have worked as a twilight zone or tales from the crypt episode , but by the last half , you just want it to get to its predictable ending and be done with it already .
1 watch on the rhine is one of the best anti - nazi propaganda films made during world war two . paul lukas was certainly deserving of his oscar . bette davis shines brilliantly as the great actress and beauty she was . i would recommend this film to those interested in that era , and , of course , the fabulous films of the late , great , ms . bette davis .
0 this movie was 100 % boring , i swear i almost died from boredom at the theater . it wasnt funny and didnt really hve that much action in it either , it was boring and i hope whoever out there that liked this movie , god be with you in the future when you find out what this movie was really like and try to jump off a bridge or something like that
1 jim carrey shines in this beautiful movie . this is now one of my favorite movies . i read all about the making and i thought it was incredible how the did it . i can ' t wait till this comes out on dvd . i saw this in theaters so many times , i can ' t even count how times i ' ve seen it .
1 julie waters is always marvelous but adrian pasdar is a positive revelation in this wry gender - bent comedy about a transvestite who cannot suppress his obsession , and the changes he goes through when he ' s discovered . unerringly eschews the vulgar , raucous easy jokes for genuine wit and true insight , and has an absolute ball while doing it . a very nice , low - key , feel - good , comedy
0 this is surely one of the worst films ever made . each scene is painful . you will groan at the flimsy attempts at humor , the awkward camera work , the sexism and racism , the ridiculous story line , the wooden acting . poor joan bennett ; she is the only one in the movie who is not an embarrassment . in all , dreadful .
1 while this is a faithful adaptation , it is much less exciting than greene ' s novel . also , it ' s a bit ridiculous when people say things to boyer like , " you ' re spanish , aren ' t you ? " < br / > < br / > still , the movie ' s not at all bad , just slow - moving . < br / > < br / >
1 i loved this movie . when i saw it on febuary 3rd i knew i had to buy it ! ! ! it comes out to buy on july 24th ! ! ! it has cool deaths scenes , hot girls , great cast , good story , good acting . great slasher film . the movies is about some serial killer killing off four girls . see this movies
1 it ' s highly stylized , but this movie shows that real people appear on these shows and what seems like good fun and a chance to appear on television can have serious consequences . < br / > < br / > yes , i ' s mostly comedy , but there are some sad moments .
1 here in brazil is very rare to see a good brazilian film , and brant´s new film is exactly one of these jewel . there are some flaws in the film , of course , but they are very minimal . the directing and acting in this film are very good ! < br / > < br / > can´t wait to see another brant´s new film !
1 this movie makes me want to fall in love all over again ! i am naming my next daughter " adelaide " . just so that someone who sings like ol blue eyes can swoon her one day , and feel the butterflies i felt hearing it sung , and it wasn ' t even to me ! i give it a 9 / 10
0 < br / > < br / > i would highly recommend seeing this movie . after viewing it , you will be able to walk out of every other bad movie ever saying " at least it wasn ' t the omega code . " < br / > < br / > forget my money , i want my time back !
0 oh , well , this movie starts off well . it ' s kinda funny and seems like it could be a fun movie . then it becomes a bit serious and goes off the rails . it sort of wants to be ' boogie nights ' but it can ' t achieve it . if only it stayed with the tone of the first quarter of the film . . .
1 in my opinion , october sky is one of the best movies of 1999 . . . it totally has everything an emotional drama movie would need , like , wonderful story and good character interactions . october sky will remain in heart for as long as i can remember , and i just have to say a very special thanks to those who have created this film .
0 so that´s what i called a bad , bad film . . . poor acting , poor directing , terrible writing ! ! ! ! i just can´t stop laughing at some scenes , because the story is meaningless ! ! ! don´t waste your time watching this film . . . well , i must recognize it has one or two good ideas but it´s sooooo badly writen . . .
0 what a mess ! ! why was this movie made ? this , and other movies of its " caliber " should be teaching tools on how not to make a movie . children may like it , but anyone over 10 may or will disapprove . to make matters worse was the fact that such great talent like whoopi goldberg and armin mueller stahl were entirely wasted in a film unworthy of any notice .
0 just a few words . . . . this movie really sucks . it ' s like those tv movies with bad cast and plot . it ' s amazing how they could make this sequel worse than the iii . don ' t waste your time watching this crap , even if you like the tremors movies .
0 if there was a god , he would have made sure this movie stayed in the toilet were it was crapped up . this is by far the worst vampire movie i have ever seen . i may never watch a vampire film again because of this movie . it makes zombie lake look like the sound of music .
0 i rented this tape a couple of years ago , and boy did it suck . from the commercials , i was lead to believe that this was a movie about a guy who had no no luck with women , and that was where the comedy would lie . boy was i wrong . the jokes were vulgar , and they were just not funny . don ' t bother . 1 / 10
1 i absolutely loved this movie . it met all expectations and went beyond that . i loved the humor and the way the movie wasn ' t just randomly silly . it also had a message . jim carrey makes me happy . : )
1 i thoroughly enjoyed this film for its humor and pathos . i especially like the way the characters welcomed gina ' s various suitors . with friends ( and family ) like these anyone would feel nurtured and loved . i found the writing witty and natural and the actors made the material come alive .
1 henry thomas showed a restraint , even when the third act turned into horrible hollywood resolution that could ' ve killed this movie , that kept the dignity of a redemption story and as for pure creepiness - sniffing babies ?
1 an enjoyable game , which offers fun and easy game play and fair replay ability . staying true to the comic and providing a low learning curve gives this game something not seen in most action cartridges today . also , the narration and animated scenes used ( though lengthy animations are replaced by slide shows on the nintendo 64 version ) use full advantage of the platforms ' capabilities .
1 after seeing this excellent film over 100 times , i still find new things that blow me away with this movie , great special effects , incredible acting , and a plot full of ingenious twists makes this movie an excellent depiction of capitalism versus communism , and in this ending everyone is happy and all is well . best movie ever ! ! !
0 this is hands down the worst movie of all time . a combination of whoopie goldberg ( the worst actress / person in history ) and a talking dinosaur ala jar - jar - binks add up to a painfully bad movie . that was an understatement . this movie is unwatchable . for the love of god , do not watch this movie .
0 no artful writeup here because it doesn ' t deserve one . not an art film . not even one of those ' hidden ' gems . you know , like those movies you hear about through a friend who saw this amazing movie downtown where they show all the good independents and art films . < br / > < br / > just pack it into the christmas boxes , and dispose of quickly .
0 the movie was disappointing . the book was powerful . the views and the learning of little tree were powerfully portrayed in the book . the movie just coasted along and finally dribbled away . still a nice tale for kids .
0 giant crabs cursing in japanese ? what was in that drink ? a terrible movie , but laughable . i love the invisible samurai ghosties running around . drink much beer before you see this movie .
1 it is a story of siberian village people from the beginning of 20th century till the 60ties . it is about passion and feelings , about russian soul , and very romantic . this movie is not action packed , it flowes slowely . in second part one can find great songs - russian romances . it is much more better than doctor zhivago . the director of this movie moved to america and made runaway train for example .
0 cool idea . . . botched writing , botched directing , botched editing , botched acting . sorta makes me wish i could play god and strike everyone involved in making this film with several bolts of lightning .
1 this film may seem dated today , but remember that it was made in 1974 - - before saturday night live , before howard stern , back when george carlin was just getting beyond the hippie dippie weatherman and into heavy satiric humor . this film is the granddaddy of them all . enjoy it for its historical significance , as well as for its strong entertainment value .
1 i remember this movie from the 50s when i was in college . it is one of the funniest satires of american westerns that i have ever seen . i ' m only sorry that i have not been able to see it recently and that it is is not out on tape or dvd . it is a real treat .
1 its too bad that no one knows anything about this movie , and it gets old telling people it ' s rap ' s version of spinal tap . and you know , im sorry i dont have any better comments , but damnit , go get the movie and watch it , and then make all your friends watch it too , just like im gonna .
0 this is quite possibly the worst movie of all time . it stars shaquille o ' neil and is about a rapping genie . apparently someone out there thought that this was a good idea and got suckered into dishing out cash to produce this wonderful masterpiece . the movie gets 1 out of 10 .
0 pointless , humourless drivel . . . . . meant to be a comedy ; but not one laugh in the whole film . gratuitous violence often with guns . what kind of warped mentality can either make or say this is a good film ? ! 1 out of 10 .
0 there ' s nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets . it ' s just that some are better than others . this is very poor . the acting is awful , the script dire ; and the special effects overrated . < br / > < br / > why does hollywood treat it ' s audience with such contempt ? and why have they made a sequel ?
0 the acting may be okay , the more u watch this movie , the more u wish you weren ' t , this movie is so horrible , that if i could get a hold of every copy , i would burn them all and not look back , this movie is terrible ! !
1 a pure reality bytes film . fragile , beautiful and amazing first film of the director . represented spain on the berlinale 2002 . some people has compared the grammar of the film with almodovar ' s films . . . well , that shouldn ' t be a problem . . .
0 i saw this in the summer of 1990 . i ' m still annoyed by how bad this movie is in 2001 . < br / > < br / > implausible plot . you ' d have to be a child to think this could happen . < br / > < br / > i ' m just really annoyed by it . don ' t see this .
0 besides being boring , the scenes were oppressive and dark . the movie tried to portray some kind of moral , but fell flat with its message . what were the redeeming qualities ? ? on top of that , i don ' t think it could make librarians look any more unglamorous than it did .
1 this movie had me smiling from beginning to end , partly at the humor , partly at meg ryan ( this is the perfect character for her ) , and always because it ' s just one of the best feel - good movies i ' ve seen . hopefully the dvd will be out soon .
1 this is one of my favorite movies of all time . i loved rain man with dustin hoffman and tom cruise . this movie is in some ways similar , but makes rain man seem artificial , shallow , unemotional , and trivial by comparison .
1 i liked the movie a real lot . wanted to see it just for dara tomanovich , but the plot and story were ok too . a very cool change in plot when you least expect it .
0 nightmare weekend stars a cast of ridiculous actors with even less of an idea of what is going on than the director had , if you can imagine that . there is no decipherable plot or story , the special effects are a joke , and even the sound is terrible . this film was directed by henry sala . it was the only film that he ever directed , and the reason is obvious .
1 this is an excellent film and one should not be put off by its strangeness . there is genuine skill in manufacture of this work . it manages to be intrigiung , funny and frightening at various times . work with it for the first few minutes and you won ' t be disappointed
1 this episode is certainly different than all the other columbos , though some of the details are still there , the setup is completely different . that makes this columbo unique , and interesting to watch , even though at times you might wish for the old columbo . i liked it a lot , but then , i like almost any columbo .
1 give this movie a break ! its worth at least a " 7 " ! that little girl is a good actor and she ' s cute , too . jim belushi is a comic genius . you can ' t help but feel good at the end ! i wish there were more wholesome shows like this , that you can enjoy with your kids !
1 i saw a lot films about charles dickens ' christmas carol . but this one is the best of all ! there is an atmosphere which is exactly the same as in the book . the actors ( george c . scott and others ) are great ! unfortunately , you can ' t often watch the film in germany and switzerland .
0 this snarky , homophobic thing was dated in 1976 . it seems particularly mean - spirited now , filled with gay stereotypes , and characters that are meant to be laughed at , rather than with . redd foxx does his standard schtick , michael warren at least tries to bring humanity to a one dimensional character , and pearl - - pearl what were you thinking - - ? pearl bailey deserves far better .
0 if this movie had not been labeled a disney picture , i probably would not have been so disappointed . the nudity was unnecessary and did not add anything . the same can be said for the toilet bowl scene . this is one disney film that i will not let my four year old nephew watch .
0 this movie is not very good . in fact , it is the worst elvis movie i have seen . it has very little plot , mostly partying , beer drinking and fighting . burgess meredith and thomas gomez are wasted . i don ' t know why they did this movie . you could say elvis was wasted as well , he is much , much better in " follow that dream . "
0 acclaimed director mervyn leroy puts drama on film that competes with the best of soap operas . high drama is found in the loves and infidelities in new york ' s social set . oh yes , don ' t forget jealousy can bring about tainted hearts and murder . the all star cast features : barbara stanwyck , van heflin , james mason , ava gardner , cyd charisse and nancy davis .
0 this is not the worst film i have seen of peter greenaway but it is close . that dishonor goes to the even worse pillow book . this director ' s films of 3 i have seen i find them all to be miserable . like the cook . . . , whatever positive cinematic flourishes he displays , are totally unredeemed by the repugnancy of his material and overall presentation .
1 i liked this movie very much . although this movie doesn ' t boast of big ( or even known ) names , its very charming . its one of those feel good types where you know that everythings gonna be just fine in the end . my favorite scene is with the baby elephant part . i rate this movie at 7 . 5
1 this is one of my favorite movies of all time . it ' s great and the acting is brilliant . in the scene in which michael caine calls the police in tears and then stops the waterworks the second he finishes the call really displays caine ' s brilliance . the twists are a lot of fun . the film is top - notch .
0 a dreary , hopelessly predictable film set in a most unpleasant setting ( lower coachella valley ) . acting is as amateurish as any i ' ve seen . looks like a screenwriting 101 script . however , it does function as a great sedative .
0 rodney dangerfield is a great . he has done a lot of great works . but this one . . . . is awful . the whole plot is whack . it could have been much better . the jokes in the movie aren ' t funny . . . . their stupid . this was very not so hilarious . he can do much better than this .
1 like i said its a hidden surprise . it well written well acted and well cast . i liked everything in this movie . look its hollywood all right but the brighter side . angelina jolie is great in this and i ' m totally watching every movie with her in that i can get my hands on . well worth a look .
0 i went to see this film based on the review by siskel and ebert ; not only did i get duped , but i took some friends along , and had to spend the rest of the day profusely apologizing for making them sit through this pointless crap . after this , i never went to see a movie based solely on siskel & ebert ' s advice .
0 this is a total waste of money . the production is poor , the special effects are terrible . in my country they had the courage to put this film on video named as " the mummy " because of the success of brendan fraser ` s film . i ` m sure that you can find better horror movies .
0 in an apparent attempt to avoid remaking the original movie an excellent cast that should have made this inherently funny , classic neil simon material better than the original failed on every level . < br / > < br / > the chemistry between goldie hawn and steve martin that was magic in ` housesitter ' was nonexistent in this effort .
1 what can i say ? i know this movie from start to finish . it ' s hilarious . it ' s an strong link to my past and will change the way i view film in the future . hypothetically speaking : ) the down - fall ? there ' s no socrates johnson !
0 the final pairing of nelson eddy and jeanette macdonald is basically a complete misfire . the script is weak and has been presented badly . the film just has no life in it . eddy and macdonald would have been better off just making a filmed concert for their final pairing . there ' s nothing wrong with their singing , its just everything else in this turkey thats overcooked .
0 the perfectly stupid weapon . i think the guys dancing at the beginning of one of steven segal ' s movies was intented to mock jeff doing his forms to dance music at the beginning of this stupid movie . the plot is predictable , the fights were fair and jeff acts about as well as the sofa he beats with some sort of weapon in one scene .
0 the only thing remarkable about this movie ? is that all the actors could bomb at the same time . idiocy . i want my money back . . . and i got it free from the library . sheesh . i would rather chew on tin fool and shave my head with a cheese grater then watch this again .
1 i had no idea that mr . izzard was so damn funny , it really boggles the mind that he is not more well known ! his command over the crowd and his timing is perfect . the monologue about star wars will kill ya too ! if only all the stand up performers had his wit . . .
0 just kidding ! this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen ! it was so bad though , that it was hilarious . my friend and i purposly rented it because it looked so bad . cheesy old horror flicks are always good for some laughs . the plot stunk , some of the voices were dubbed , the quality was horrendous . but i sure had a blast watching it !
1 while this movie isn ' t a classic by any stretch , it is very entertaining as i remember it . i saw it about 15 years ago on hbo and loved the movie . it was written by the same guy that wrote and directed " arthur " and though it isn ' t as funny as that movie , it does show the potential that steve gordon reached with " arthur " .
1 i would never have thought that it would be possible to make such an impressive movie without any music . but it is . just the pictures . watch out for that picture : anne talking with that little boy benny ' bout the soul . really strong . might make you feel different .
0 the original was a good movie . i bought it on tape and have watched it several times . and though i know that sequels are not usually as good as the original i certainly wasn ' t expecting such a bomb . the romance was flat , the sight gags old , the spoken humor just wasn ' t . this may not have been the worst movie i ' ve ever seen but it comes close .
1 summer phoenix did a great performance where you really feel what she ' s not able to feel and you just cannot understand what she has on her mind . besides , she portrays a jewish girl who behaves really confronting the status quo of that century .
0 sorry to go against the flow but i thought this film was unrealistic , boring and way too long . i got tired of watching gena rowlands long arduous battle with herself and the crisis she was experiencing . maybe the film has some cinematic value or represented an important step for the director but for pure entertainment value i wish i would have skipped it .
0 as a veteran of many , many pretentious french films i thought i ' d taken the worst the industry had to offer and was able to stomach anything . but not this . pointless , relentless , violent , unpleasant , meaningless . . . the film has nothing to offer and is random hatred and aggression dressed up as pretentious art . avoid at all costs .
1 it ' s a shame that this piece of work wasn ' t acknowledged as a piece of work . it has everything a historical film must have : a serious historical research , outstanding performances of every actor involved and a discrete but great direction . < br / > < br / > when i saw the movie i knew it should be a prototype for every biographical movie .
0 really bad movie . maybe the worst i ' ve ever seen . alien invasion , a la the blob , without the acting . meteorite turns beautiful woman into a host body for nasty tongue . bad plot , bad fake tongue . absurd comedy worth missing . wash your hair or take out the trash .
0 ok i will sum up this movie . . . a bunch of skanky british women have some disease that basically is turning them into zombies . the whole movie consists of these women talking , smoking , and rarely going out for " meat " or humans to eat . i swear i had to make myself watch this movie . . . ugh
0 come on . the new twist is nearly ok , but from avenging the elm street children freddy is just killing people now . more of the same : special effects with no actual character development or anything . simply bad and insulting . scary . . ? nope . not at all . just bad .
1 i really enjoyed this movie . the script is fresh and unpredictable and the acting is outstanding . it is a down - to - earth movie with characters one cares about . it brought tears into my eyes a few times but left me with a great feeling afterwards .
1 so terrific , so good . i have never seen a man be more funny than eddie murphy . in this stand - up - comedy you will see a lot of imitations more done by anyone ! < br / > < br / > if you have seen raw ( 1987 ) you will have to see delirious . it ' s so funny ! it ' s so professional !
0 if you are planning to rent or buy this movie don ' t . it ' s the worst thing i have ever seen . i would comment on it more but it has been 10 years since i saw it and have blanked all of it from my mind . save yourself some time money and well being and stay far far away .
1 don ' t know how this missed award nominations . great film . certainly of the calibre of " beautiful mind " great acting , photography , script and drama . i can ' t imagine anyone not being entranced by this film .
1 ernest borgnine was so wasted in this movie . there was no point in putting this great actor in this movie . one of the greatest actors in the world wasted , and for what reason , none what so ever , so america if you want to put classic actors in movies don ' t waste them
1 best movie ever ! ! ! ! ! this movie broke my ribs just by the force of laughter , but it was well worth it . i don ' t intend to do a summary of this excellent movie , just go see it if you have the chance . i think you will either love it , or hate it . that ' s the qualities of a real cult movie .
1 excellent film . suzy kendall will hold your interest throughout . has not been shown on american tv for a decade . one scene that has always stayed with me is the german cavalry gas attack . you will find others . hope they soon put it on tape .
0 i saw this piece of garbage on amc last night , and wonder how it could be considered in any way an american movie classic . it was awful in every way . how badly did jack lemmon , james stewart and the rest of the cast need cash that they would even consider doing this movie ?
1 this is the finest film ever made to deal with the subject of aids . it ' s a documentary about two men living with and dying of this illness . the film is beautiful , heartbreaking , funny , and incredibly moving . above all , it is an amazing true love story . be sure to have a few hankies ready before you watch this movie - - - you will need them . extraordinary .
1 i think via satellite is one of the best new zealand made movies around . i loved the way the movie delt with all the characters within the entire movie . it was brilliant , and a heartfelt movie . < br / > < br / > a well made movie , one which i will always remember , and watch again .
1 this is the touching story of two families in israel and the relationships within each family . each family has a gay son . the stories are interrelated at that point but this film is about all of the family members , not just the two sons . the portraits of each of the family members in both families are well drawn and the story is consistently interesting if a bit bleak .
1 i find this movie the best movie i have ever seen , because it reflects the inner strength of a young girl during the second world war . the movie is impressive , not least because it actually happened . it reminds me of the story of anne frank . < br / > < br / >
0 an annoying experience . improvised dialogue , handheld cameras for no effect , directionless plot , contrived romance , ick ! to the whole mess . ron silver was the only real actor . gretta sacchi was terrible ! henry jaglom did better with eating which suited his style much more .
1 for a movie with a plot like this i would normally smell " tearjerker " in the first ten minutes and turn it off , but this was very well made , with emotional subtleties , great acting , and some genuinely funny moments . it was also interesting to see a different culture - a vanishing one at that . my wife and i both dug it !
0 this movie got off to an interesting start . down the road however , the story gets convoluted with a poor illustration of ancient black magic rituals . the male lead was very good , even though he gets the worst end of the stick in the climax . in comparison , this is " boomerang " meets " extremities " .
1 i gave it an 8 star rating . the story may have fallen short about 3 / 4 of the way into the picture but the performances remained strong throughout . " men of honor " was changed from " navy diver " understandably so . anyone who has served in any branch of the armed forces will probably feel that " honor " is an appropriate word to use in the title .
0 nothing new in this hackneyed romance with characters put into unbelievable situations , speaking dialogue that borders on the ridiculous . this is an example of another movie put into production before serious script problems were solved . don ' t waste your time .
1 i ' ve watched this movie twice , and i plan to see it again . it is the movie that puts you in the director ' s place , regarding his romantic relations and the political situation in israel . it also makes me cry because of remembering the wonderful time it was , and the horrible murder described there . it is really worth watching .
0 cheap , amateurish , unimaginative , exploitative . . . but don ' t think it ' ll have redeeming amusement value . about as unentertaining , uninstructive and just plain dull as a film can be .
0 this horrible ! the acting , costumes , production values , editing , the script , everything about this film is as bad as it can get . it looks as if it was filmed with a video camera . can you give a movie a negative rating ? watch the ring instead .
1 before dogma 95 : when lars used movies as art , not just a story . a beautiful painting about love and death . this is one of my favorite movies of all time . the color . . . the music . . . just perfect .
1 throughly enjoy all the musical numbers each time i see this movie . never seem to tire of it . fred and ginger are always a pleasure to watch . seeing " lucy " and betty grable before they hit the big time , is fun to watch .
0 when i first saw this film it was not an impressive one . now that i have seen it again with some friends on dvd ( they had not viewed it on the silver screen ) , my opinion remains the same . the subject matter is puerile and the performances are weak .
0 i have never seen such terrible performances in all my life . < br / > < br / > everyone in the entire film was absolute rubbish . < br / > < br / > not one decent actor / actress in the whole film , it was a joke . < br / > < br / > reminded me of drama at school . . .
0 once again , pia zadora , the woman who owes her entire career to her husband , proves she can ' t act . this disaster of a film butchers the harold robbins novel . ray liotta must have been hogtied and carried to the set to appear in this one . < br / > < br / > avoid this at all costs . i doubt even doing the mst3k thing would save it .
1 this is a smart drama about the way of life in a texas honky tonk in the early 1980 ' s . john travolta and debra winger turn out two very believable performances as bud and sissy davis . this film really opens up the country music scene and helped introduce america to the mechanical bull . if you love a good romance film , then you will love this movie .
1 i thought the movie was extremely funny and actually very interesting . it was raw and honest and felt as if i was really watching the " real people " not actors . it ' s great entertainment , it also painted the people as human on our level not below us . it is a very good film .
1 certainly any others i have seen pale in comparison . the series gives balanced coverage to all theatres of operation . no one country is given undue credit for the allied victory . laurence olivier brings great weight and dignity to his role as narrator .
0 turgid dialogue , feeble characterization - harvey keitel a judge ? he plays more like an off - duty hitman - and a tension - free plot conspire to make one of the unfunniest films of all time . you feel sorry for the cast as they try to extract comedy from a dire and lifeless script . avoid !
0 outlandish premise that rates low on plausibility and unfortunately also struggles feebly to raise laughs or interest . only hawn ' s well - known charm allows it to skate by on very thin ice . goldie ' s gotta be a contender for an actress who ' s done so much in her career with very little quality material at her disposal . . . < br / > < br / >
1 this movie was such a blast ! it has that feel - good , yet totally in your face attitude that draws me to a movie . it has a good message ( party girl decides she needs a real job ) yet she doesn ' t completely lose all sense of fun . i recommend this movie for anyone who needs some humor , but is also a thinker ! : )
1 everyone is either loving or hating this film . i am going with loving . it is so well shot and so well acted . beautiful . this film is for people who appreciate well crafted film making . if you are not a fan of well done films of course you would hate this . but if you like the tops of acting , photography , story and development , look no further then here .
0 yet another forgettable warners foreign intrigue " thriller , " this is rendered even less enjoyable by the irritating presence of lauren bacall , who , without humphrey bogart ' s tender attentions to humanize her , comes off as her usual shrill , shallow self . even master gigolo charles boyer cannot feign romantic interest in her .
1 this movie is really funny ! ! the general is keaton ' s finest work but there are many of his works that are more hilarious - in this one are multiple sight gags and creative humor . we watch it over and over and it only seems to get funnier !
1 down to earth is the best movie ! ! ! it is so funny , and it ' s really sweet too . it has a good plot and it ' s unique . it isn ' t like those movies that are all the same with the similar story lines , and it ' s not all comedy and no story . this movie also has a very good ending .
1 brilliant use of overstated technicolor illustrates the optimistic extremes of present day christmas ceremonies . the voyeuristic element during the scenes ( santa & pedro summarize society ' s behavior peering through a telescope ) is unique ( and obviously jean - luc godard , although he was subtle , stole this theme in his film " pierrot le - fou " ) . highly recommended !
1 this gem for gore lovers is extremely underrated . it ' s pure delight and fun ! gratuitous servings of blood , insanity and black humor , which can please even the most demanding lover of the genre . a full exploitation of the almost universal fear of dentists and flawlessly shot . only for the connoisseurs .
1 marlene gorris has established herself as one of the world ' s great directors . this sensitive , visually beautiful film is based on a story by vladimir nabokov and captures well that writer ' s dark irony . john turturro gives what i consider to be his finest performance ( i am usually not a fan of his ) ; and emily watson is brilliant as well . well worth seeing .
0 the film attempts to be a mockumentary - - shot in the documentary form but with many obviously scripted parts - - but fails in not providing the audience with any characters with which to create the illusion of the mockumentary . also , the film purports to be about finding real love in los angeles , but is nothing more than an uninteresting look at an amateur filmmaker trying to make his first " big movie . "
0 buford ' s beach bunnies gives b - grade t & a films a bad name . as a fan of the genre , i was appalled to find little attempt being made to exploit the young actresses talents . i refer specifically to the distinct lack of nudity and simulated sex scenes . what are the next generation of sad teenage boys watching this on late night tv supposed to think ?
1 clearly an hilarious movie . < br / > < br / > it angers me to see the poor ratings given to this piece of comic genius < br / > < br / > please look at this for what it is , a funny , ridiculous enjoyable film . laugh for christ sake ! < br / > < br / >
0 a strange mix of traditional - 80s , smartassy , chevy chase - type , " every - ten - lines - you - get - a - funny - one " farce and sickie black comedy . mildly amusing in spots , but utterly tasteless . there is a skiing sequence that includes the fakest - looking back - projections since " on her majesty ' s secret service " . ( * * )
0 save your money . i have been a fan of fullmoon productions for a long time and i have never seen them make a movie as bad as this . the casting is terrible , the story is even worse and the special affects are worse than any movie iv ' e seen sence the 80 ' s . this movie is so bad i cant even suggest renting it .
1 a fascinating look at the relationship of a single father in 1998 and a single mother in 1881 , tied together by a time - traveling teenager . reminded me of " somewhere in time , " richard matheson ' s " bid time return , " as rendered by christopher reeves and jane seymour .
1 this , i think , is one of the best pictures ever made . it ' s so pure and beautiful . it really touched me . i ' m glad david lynch proved that a film doesn ' t necessarily need sfx , a twisting , complicated plot or flashy images . way to go , dave . i ' d like to see cronenberg do that !
1 terribly underrated with matt dillon and tom skerritt , good backdrop for solid story and some memorable lines , well acted and well cast , tommy lee jones and bruce dern make you hate them with passion
1 although this was obviously a low - budget production , the performances and the songs in this movie are worth seeing . one of walken ' s few musical roles to date . ( he is a marvelous dancer and singer and he demonstrates his acrobatic skills as well - watch for the cartwheel ! ) also starring jason connery . a great children ' s story and very likable characters .
1 i love this movie and never get tired of watching . the music in it is great . any true hard rock fan should see this movie and buy the soundtrack . with rockers like gene simmons and ozzy osbourne you can ' t go wrong .
1 very smart , sometimes shocking , i just love it . it shoved one more side of david ' s brilliant talent . he impressed me greatly ! david is the best . the movie captivates your attention for every second .
0 a truly unpleasant film . while rick baker ' s special effects are quite impressive ( if stomach - turning ) , it has no other redeeming features . like many 70s movies , it leaves you feeling as if you need to take a long shower , and scrub the slime off of yourself . the characters are uniformly unpleasant , and plot makes no sense .
0 i was in physical pain watching the eyes of the cast as they participated in this sham . bad dialogue , worse ( worst ) acting , lifeless all the way , and the cast knew it . the two preceding movies which this attempted to copy had life , sparkle , and were captivating .
0 absolutely unwatchable , lowest quality film making . this film makes " show girls " look good . the acting is insufferable . the cinematography gives a bad name to amateurism . no wonder it went right to video and bypassed the theaters . this film wasn ' t released . . . it escaped .
0 sophia loren plays aida , in one of the worst films of all time . she can ' t lipsync . in terms of production values , the film is so bad , that at one point , while loren is mouthing " o patria mia , " she leans onto what looks to be a stone wall for support , and the canvas set billows and shakes .
1 " chinese ghost story " is one of the most amazing hong kong films i have ever seen . it ' s a brilliant mix of fantasy , comedy , romance , horror and martial arts . the film has some wonderful visuals and amazing fights . i love especially the fight scene between wu ma and the tree demon tongue . truly original and refreshing film and another embalmer ' s fine recommendation .
0 the movie starts little cute . there are a number of revolting scenes . people in toilets . good actors wasted and the original television series has all but ruined here . this did not need to be crude . < br / > < br / > forget it . find the tv show . disney at new low .
1 liked stanley & iris very much . acting was very good . story had a unique and interesting arrangement . the absence of violence and sex was refreshing . characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings . very enjoyable movie .
0 this movie is so bad , it can only be compared to the all - time worst " comedy " : police academy 7 . no laughs throughout the movie . do something worthwhile , anything really . just don ' t waste your time on this garbage .
0 it ' s a good movie if you plan to watch lots of landscapes and animals , like an animal documentary . and making pierce brosnan an indian make you wonder ' does all those people don ' t recognize if someone isn ' t indian at plain sight ? '
1 the blend of biography with poetry and live action with animation makes this a true work of art . the narration by sir michael redgrave is moving . the length of the work makes it easily accessible for class room exposure or tv / video time slots .
1 i enjoyed this movie . unlike like some of the pumped up , steroid trash that is passed off as action movies , playing god is simple and realistic , with characters that are believable , action that is not over the top and enough twists and turns to keep you interested until the end . < br / > < br / > well directed , well acted and a good story .
0 charles bronson stars as lt crowe a police detective who declares war on a pimp named duke ( juan fernandez ) who kidnaps the daughter of a japanese businessman who is the man who sexually harassed crowe ' s daughter ( amy hathaway ) in this sleazy yet stylishly helmed revenge thriller . kinjite may not be for everyone with it ' s somewhat disturbing plot threads but it is well made and indeed entertaining .
1 this movie shows how savage the troubles really are . people who do not want to be involved have no say in the way their lives are altered . this movie shows how the people of northern ireland , both catholic and protestant are held captive . at any moment their lives may be changed forever whether they want to be involved or not .
1 this is an hilarious movie . one of the very best things about it is the quality of the performance by each actor . from the largest role to the smallest , each character is vivid , unforgettable and so understandable . it can also make you laugh so hard your health will improve .
1 a very funny movie . it was good to see jim carrey back in top form . it was definitely worth the price of admission . morgan freeman and jennifer aniston both played outstanding supporting roles in this film . i think they may have played the dog a bit too much however , still a good film to see .
0 this movie is the worst ive seen . . nicole kidman really dissapointed me . . this movie has nothing . i would not watch it again even if it were the last movie on earth . great actors but bad script .
0 this film makes " american pie " a sophisticated movie ! no further comment needed . humor is cheap , dialogues are stupid and the cast is awkward . every cliche is used several times without any original twist . and far the worst , the movie turns out to be more catholic than the pope . it ' s so sad .
0 the script for this movie was probably found in a hair - ball recently coughed up by a really old dog . mostly an amateur film with lame fx . for you zeta - jones fanatics : she has the credibility of one mr . binks .
1 a very engaging , intelligent , and well - made film . liam neeson and tim roth play their roles superbly . the cinematography is outstanding . the fight scenes are amazing . this is a film i will enjoy watching again and again . one of my favorites .
0 a very ordinary made - for - tv product , " tyson " attempts to be a serious biopic while stretching the moments of angst for effect , fast forwarding through the esoterics of the corrupt sport of boxing , and muddling the sensationalistic stuff which is the only thing which makes tyson even remotely interesting . a lukewarm watch at best which more likely to appeal to the general public than to boxing fans .
0 he really lost the plot with this one ! none of his distinctive trademarks here at all , an uninteresting plot and completely terrible acting make this his worst film ( in my opinion ) . even his trademark gore is gone , bar one scene in an operating theatre . oh well , at least his next film ' nightmare concert ' showed that he could still shock when he wanted to . . .
1 dwight frye steals the show in this one as a foolish young man ( who seems to be mentally handicapped ) who gets himself blamed for vampire - like murders especially after he reveals his love for bats which he likes to stroke and give to unsuspecting friends as ' gifts ' ! . besides all of that , there ' s an entertaining mystery tale involving the above mentioned murders . underrated .
1 i caught this movie about 8 years ago , and have never had it of my mind . surely someone out there will release it on video , or hey why not dvd ! the ford coupe is the star . . . . . . . if you have any head for cars watch this and be blown away .
0 this movie promised bat people . it didn ' t deliver . there was a guy who got bit by a bat , but what was with the seizures ? and the stupid transformation ? where was the plot ? where was the acting ? who came up with the idea to make this ? why was it allowed to be made ? why ? why ? i guess we ' ll never know .
1 yes , i ' m sentimental & schmaltzy ! ! but this movie ( and it ' s theme song ) remain one of my all time greats ! ! robert downey jr . does such justice to the role of " louis jeffries " reincarnated and the storyline ( although far - fetched ) is romantic & makes one believe in happy endings ! !
0 sometimes you wonder how some people get funding to create a movie as bad as this one . you can only stand about 5 minutes of this utter piece of garbage before you stomp back into blockbuster and demand your money back . i will now look at michael clarke duncan with apprehension . . . why . . . . he lent his name to this vermin .
0 this film is so ridiculously idiot that you may actually laugh at it . but no , even this is too much for this lost meters of celluloid . i found it as an offer in a magazine and that ' s why i ' ve seen it . i regret the time i lost to see this . 1 out of 10 ( because they don ' t have a lower grade ) .
0 this is one of the worst movies i saw ! i dunno what are the reasons for shoting suck a crap . don ' t waste your time watching this . good actors , but extremely bad screenplay and dialogues . hope there ' ll be no blanche 2 : - ) avoid this movie by all means !
1 this was one of those times when i had nothing to do with 27 premium movie channels available to me . the theory of flight grabbed me and held my interest . i found it both touching and amusing , a nice combination of feelings . i recommend it !
1 " dressed to kill " has been more or less forgotten in critical circles in the past 20 years , but it is a true american classic , a film which is much more than just a glossy thriller . < br / > < br / > i sincerely hope the dvd release will give more people the chance to hear about it and see it .
1 this should be required viewing for all young people . this is documentary at its best , from the haunting music and terrific narration by olivier to its unflinching and penetrating analyses , the world at war is unforgettable and irreplaceable for anyone who wants to know about humanity ' s sorry experience at the nadir of the 20th century .
0 to put it simply , the fan was a disappointment . it felt like as if i was watching taxi driver , except taxi driver was much better than this . it seemed like the filmmakers wanted us to root for robert deniro ' s character 100 percent . this approach didn ' t work .
0 i may not be the one to review this movie because after 45 minutes of pure boredom and stupidity i turned the channel . the original series only lasted 2 years which can be said about the careers for adam west and burt ward . put these two " actors " in a stupid movie and the result is twice as bad .
1 the only thing serious about this movie is the humor . well worth the rental price . i ' ll bet you watch it twice . it ' s obvious that sutherland enjoyed his role .
1 the acting in this movie was superb , but mixed with the truth about the condition of many africans in south africa made it heart wrenching . it was good that the writer isolated boesman and lena from others run from their homes , so we could share fully in their triumphs and defeats ; the conflicts they shared as they grew together and apart . worth seeing when you put the movie in it ' s proper context .
1 well , i thoroughly enjoyed this movie . it was funny and sad and yes , the guy andie macdowell shagged was hot . interesting , realistic characters and plots as well as beautiful scenery . i think my mum would like it . i still think they should have been allowed to call it the sad f * * kers club though . . .
0 boring , predictable , by - the - numbers horror outing at least has pretty good special effects and plenty of ( mindless ) mayhem and gore to satisfy ( mindless ) genre fans . mostly it ' s about giant rats chomping on a set of characters we don ' t care an iota about - if that ' s your thing , tune in . ( * 1 / 2 )
0 a surprising misfire from the usually reliable larry cohen ( god told me too , q , etc . ) , full moon high tries so hard to be funny and fails miserably , even with decent turns by ed mcmahon ( ! ) and kenneth mars . alan arkin looks embarrassed throughout his performance and son adam simply looks numb . this makes teen wolf look like a comedy classic .
1 the superb star quality of gerard philipe , who died way too young , leaps from the screen in this witty , funny , sly swashbuckling comedy with plenty of sword fencing and knockabout antics . charmingly loopy in its ' storytelling , impossible to resist . a sweet romantic comedy with a very young gina lollobrigida as the love interest . a movie one will remember with great affection .
1 i saw this on a cantonese vcd with the english subtitles . i thought the story was good but there were times when some of the subcharacters were grossly over - acting . this took away from the film as did the fairly lame musical score , which really irked me throughout the entire movie . if the musical score was improved i could overlook the few overacted scenes . then the film would be much , much better .
0 the scenery is pretty and the dog is cute . other than that , this film has absolutely nothing to recommend it . jack warden is pleasantly genial as usual , but the script is so awful that even he comes off badly . the plot makes no sense , the dialogue is dumb , and there are numerous smaller faults . but the dog is cute . . .
1 a wonderful movie ! anyone growing up in an italian family will definitely see themselves in these characters . a good family movie with sadness , humor , and very good acting from all . you will enjoy this movie ! ! we need more like it .
0 largely dense road movie with some comic relief provided by the excellent john cleese ( although he is really sending up his performance in fawlty towers ) . seems to flip from over the top slapstick to slushy sentimentality at the drop of a hat , and the worst part of the film is that martin and hawn have to " find themselves " , who they are , etc . see it at your peril .
1 as a huge baseball fan , my scrutiny of this film is how realistic it appears . dennis quaid had all of the right moves and stances of a major league pitcher . it is a fantastic true story told with just a little too much " disney " for my taste .
0 i wish i had my rental money back from this piece of trash so i could donate it to the home for aged actors . total rubbish ! ! five people watched this movie at the same time and there wasn ' t one single laugh to be heard , lots of yawning though . paltrow ' s a beautiful woman and she was the best thing to look at in the entire so - called comedic movie . .
1 two women , sick of their controlling husbands , taking a vacation in italy for a month with two other very different women . they come back refreshed and energized in this wonderful little film by merchant - ivory . < br / > < br / > great scenery and the location isn ' t bad either . seriously , a very good period piece 7 of 10
1 we showed this movie at the local film society , and the art - house crowd had the time of their cinematic lives . it ' s tasteless , groovy and very funny in a sixties kind of way . the kraft kitchen recipe sketch had them laughing like maniacs . the rest is a mixed bag , but the highs definitely beat the lows . by the way , whatever happened to ken shapiro ? ?
0 how can a director that makes such great films as poltergeist and the texas chainsaw massacre make such rubbish as this ? i got this film off a friend and he didnt want it back its so bad . how this can be classed as horror i will never know . < br / > < br / > 2 / 10
1 leon was fantastic as always , this time playing little richard in his early years . the movie showed a fully fleshed out little richard without neglecting to fill the show with lots of great music . my only complaint is that the ending was a little abrupt - i was hoping for a 2 - parter !
1 when i learned of sir alec guinness ' death , this was the first of his many films i thought of re - seeing . what a wonderful droll commentary the film provides even after all these years . and guinness helps to weave the charm into every frame . his eyes and face are as luminous as that white suit he wears . both he and the film have to be considered lifetime favorites .
1 awful dreams , wild premonitions , blasphemy and homosexual fantasies permeate paul verhoeven ' s ( arguable ) masterpiece of a true femme fatale who loves her men then kills them . filled with blood and occasional gore , the fourth man is truly neurosis inducing . men will literally leap when renee swings out her scissors . . . . . .
0 this seemed an odd combination of withnail and i with a room with a view . . sometimes it worked , other times it did not . tragedy that they changed the name for the us release though . . keep the apidistra flying is much better than the nothing title a merry war . acting was okay , script was okay . . overall it was a mediocre film . .
1 very nice action with an interwoven story which actually doesn ' t suck . interesting enough to merit watching instead of skipping past to get to the good parts . having jenna jameson and asia carrere helps liven it up , too . jenna in that sweater and those glasses is just astounding ! worth picking up just to see her !
0 this is a great movie . i love the series on tv and so i loved the movie . one of the best things in the movie is that helga finally admits her deepest darkest secret to arnold ! ! ! that was great . i loved it it was pretty funny too . it ' s a great movie ! doy ! ! !
1 the wit and pace and three show stopping busby berkley numbers put this ahead of the over - rated 42nd street . this is the definitive 30 ' s musical with a knockout frenetic performance from jimmy cagney . one of the last releases before the motion picture production code was strictly enforced . a must see .
1 i enjoyed this movie very much . kristy swanson omar epps , and ice cube were all great in it . the movie dealt with many issues , and i didn ' t know if i was going to like it , but singelton did a terrific job of creating characters that you really cared about .
0 this video is 100 % retarded . besides the brain cell killing acting and plot , it ' s way too long . don ' t waste your money at the video store . i actually was mad that i sat through this garbage and spent money on it . just absolutely awful .
1 this movie really kicked some ass . i watched it over and over and it never got boring . angelina jolie really kicked some ass in the movie , you should see the movie , you won ' t be disappointed . and another reason you should see the movie is because the guy from the x - files is in it , david duchovny .
0 this is a rotten movie . the cast seem to know just how bad it was . it starts badly and by the end is truly bad . the acting is woeful . the script could of been written on the spot . and although the movie is a horror film it has no scary scenes . crap 1 out of 10
0 predictable plot . simple dialogue . shockingly unemotional performances . but robert downey , jr . is so cute , i gave this " poor man ' s afternoon special " a 3 instead of the 1 or 2 it so richly deserved .
1 this movie is great . if you enjoy watching b - class movies , that is . this is a classic college 80 ' s slasher movie , in which one song is played throughout the entire soundtrack . a horrible film , but worth renting to make fun of , or just to watch old men pop out of closets with knives . kinda funny , if you ask me .
1 a great and truly independent film that hit most of my emotions and carried me into another world . isn ' t this why we go to the movies ? i was especially impressed with the editing and the music , the combination of which was very transportive .
1 a haunting piece that the discerning horror film fan will fall upon with gratitude . keep your freddys and your jasons - - this film is in the same company as " the haunting " ( the original ) . lyrical and truthful , it stays with you long into the night , much like those terrifying cbs radio mystery theatre shows . a smart rent .
1 demonicus is a movie turned into a video game ! i just love the story and the things that goes on in the film . it is a b - film ofcourse but that doesn ` t bother one bit because its made just right and the music was rad ! horror and sword fight freaks , buy this movie now !
1 along with it ' s partner , this is the greatest piece of animation ever created . the images and styles are amazing , and match perfectly with the story which is a brilliantly realistic reinterpretation of our own world , where is has been , and where it could go . quite affecting and sometimes painful to watch , it it a masterpiece of the visual art .
1 pet sematary is a very good horror film and believe it or not somebody can make a good horror film out of a stephen king novel . mary lambert does a great job with this film and manages to bring across king ' s creepy story pretty well . most people may avoid this , but they should check it out .
1 i think this film has much to recommend it , particularly an especially sinister performance by david morse and a more than passable performance by the always worth watching mr . foxx . although there are a lot of holes in the plot and the motivation is very , very hard to follow in some cases , all in all , it makes for a nice time in front of the tube .
1 as much as the movie was good , i have nothing more to say about it than what was said already . all i wanted is to point the fact that the movie isnt from sweden but from denemark . maybe i wrong and in that case i ' ll be happy to know my mistakes so take the and notify me .
1 a strange role for eddie murphy to take at the height of his career . while there is a lot of the " eddie murphy character , " he plays a truly decent person . the rest of the cast is good , particularly the lovely charlotte lewis . her character ' s beauty and serenity held the tone of the film from getting to be too much murphy .
0 we ' ve all seen this story a hundred times . you can see each plot turn coming a mile away . the relationship between the mother and daughter is way too sweet and understanding to pass for realistic . janet mcteer ' s performance is stock southern hot - ticket mother in vintage clothes . should have been made for the lifetime channel .
0 this movie features charlie spradling dancing in a strip club . beyond that , it features a truly bad script with dull , unrealistic dialogue . that it got as many positive votes suggests some people may be joking .
0 this movie seems to send the wrong message . there can be morality without using christ . poeple of other religions , i believe , can get into heaven . i am a catholic who goes to church every week , but i do not agree with such christian arrogance . this is the worst time travel movie i have ever seen and i ' ve seen timeline .
1 one of disney ' s best films that i can enjoy watching often . you may easily guess the outcome , but who cares ? its just plain fun escape for 1 hour forty - two minutes . and after all wasn ' t movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway ? the cast sparkles with delight . - magictrain
0 the viewer leaves wondering why he bothered to watch this one , or why , for that matter , anyone bothered to make it . there is no plot - just random scenes of ridiculous action . mia sara ' s shower scene appeals to the male libido , but that ' s not much reason to make a movie .
1 the premise is a bit better than the execution , but that doesn ' t mean the film is worth a look . splendid supporting cast makes this a fun mystery to unravel . raines is great as the resourceful woman determined to solve this puzzlement . i always enjoy thomas gomez .
1 as usual , hollywood stereotyped everyone in the movie . but , this one is a classic - from the uptight white collar banker to the russian woman ! ! well done . even facial expressions were great ! language was perfect ( even in russian language ) and nicole did a splendid job ! ! hey guys - you get what you pay for : )
0 whoever thought that another home alone film would be a good idea should have their head examined . . . same plot , different kid , more villains ( which leads to more endless stupidity in the traps ) . the other two films were bad enough , and this is where it hits rock bottom . people may as well watch the other films for plot , as it ' s all identical .
0 roeg has done some great movies , but this a turkey . it has a feel of a play written by an untalented high - school student for his class assignment . the set decoration is appealing in a somewhat surrealistic way , but the actual story is insufferable hokum .
1 i want to add to the praise for the production of this film , especially the luminous cinematography . firelight glistening off of smooth and muscled skin creates stunningly beautiful imagery . the film was nominated for ( and won ) a single oscar - the first given for editing . mala ' s performance is moody , penetrating and powerful .
1 laughs , adventure , a good time , a killer soundtrack , oscar - worthy acting , and special effects / animitronics like none other , what else could you want in a movie ? if you see this will be on the telly , watch it , otherwise , run out now to rent it ! ! !
0 this movie was very very mediocre and very very gory . everyone left their acting lessons at home and totally forgot how to act i mean it was so bad and had no real plot and kindergarteners could have written a better story plot wait what story plot . not at all scary !
1 saw this again recently on comedy central . i ' d love to see jean schertler ( memama ) and emmy collins ( hippie in supermarket ) cast as mother and son in a film , it would probably be the weirdest flicker ever made ! hats off to waters for making a consistently funny film .
0 creepshow 2 had a lot of potential , they just didn ' t put enough time in perfecting it . the stories were pretty cool and creepy enough , but it was lacking . it ' s a good movie , but after you ' ve seen it once , you might want to see it again . this movie could of been better .
1 beautiful and touching movie . rich colors , great settings , good acting and one of the most charming movies i have seen in a while . i never saw such an interesting setting when i was in china . my wife liked it so much she asked me to log on and rate it so other would enjoy too .
0 horrid ! ! < br / > < br / > the special effects make the tv version of " tremors " look real ! < br / > < br / > no one in the cast can act . < br / > < br / > kind of like the ' 62 " voyage to the bottom of the sea " meets the cartoon ocean going electric eel cartoons .
1 just a note to add to the above comment . fear of a black hat doesn ' t have the criminal who ' s image has been ripped off by the band , that ' s in cb4 . easily confused as the two films are so similar , but black hat is vastly the superior of the two . . . . . yeah .
1 i must say as a girl with a cowboy of my own , i love this flick . it left me lovin them boots and wranglers even more . i told my friend about it and she loved it just as much , we were ' bout 13 at the time . i think it ' s the greatest love story ever told ! i own it and never get tired of bud & sissy .
0 because you can put it on fast forward and watch the inane story , without having to listen to banal dialogue , and be finished in 10 minutes max . come to think of it , even 10 minutes is too much to waste on enid - blyton - meets - struggling - wanna - be - artists . vomit .
1 it really is a shame that films like this never snag best picture nominations , because this one is simply a winner . this is by far the most consistently hilarious comedy i have ever seen . its screenplay and design are impeccable , not to mention the incredible cast . i can quote this movie for hours on end . watch it .
1 farrah fawcett gives the best performance by an actress on film in this gritty real life attempted rape thriller where she turns the tables & gives james russo a taste of his own medicine . a must see for any movie fan .
1 grey gardens is shocking , amusing , sad and mesmerizing . i watched in amazement as ediths jr . and sr . bickered and performed while reminiscing of their past . their existence in a dilapidated mansion , ( which they had not left for more than fifteen years ) is both a comedy and a tragedy . this is a film you will not soon forget .
1 i loved this movie since i was 7 and i saw it on the opening day . it was so touching and beautiful . i strongly recommend seeing for all . it ' s a movie to watch with your family by far . < br / > < br / > my mpaa rating : pg - 13 for thematic elements , prolonged scenes of disastor , nudity / sexuality and some language .
1 this was barbra streisand ' s first television special and is " must see " viewing for any streisand fan . even non - streisand fans will enjoy this highly energetic and entertaining piece of entertainment history . performers like this only come our way once in a lifetime . brilliant !
1 as someone who has lived with cerebral palsey for over forty years , i find this movie to be inspirational . if someone with such a severe case of cp as christie brown has can do so much , then there ' s no reason that i couldn ' t achieve my own dreams . daniel day - lewis and brenda fricker both give awesome performances . < br / > < br / >
1 branagh is one of the few who understands the difference between a film and a play . hamlet is probably the most faithful adaptation of shakespeare to a film and yet is a very dynamic film , almost an action thriller . the scene of hamlet ' s meeting with his father ' s ghost won ' t leave your mind .
0 i had never heard of this adam sandler movie until i saw it on the wall at blockbuster . being an adam sandler fan at the time , i rented it . honestly i could only watch about 30 mins . of it . it was terrible . do whatever it takes to keep this out of the hands of the public . i honestly hope this movie goes oop soon , and i hope it stays that way !
1 i was impressed that i could take my 5 year old son to this movie without having to cover his ears or eyes . no sex scenes , no profanity , and not even any violence . just good entertainment , enjoyable from beginning to end . dennis quaid pulls off this movie very well .
0 ugh . this is a terrible film , full of disastrous comic relief , no scares , and scary leaps in story and plotline . the only creepy thing here is the leading lady ' s hats . lugosi was on his downhill slide and it shows . i give this a 1 , and this ain ' t no fun .
1 foley ' s noir quality in this saturated and intense pulp film is seemingly " perfectly " fit together . shot by shot , edit by edit , the film unfolds itself around a disturbed boxer discovering his own purpose ( or lack thereof ) . the other comments around perhaps indicate a lack of pulp interest , but i personally think this is a superbly put together cinematic piece !
1 powers booth is hypnotic as cult leader jim jones who led his peoples temple followers from 1953 until 1978 when he led them in a mass suicide in 1978 where over 900 died . a very well done movie which may seem a little dated due to the 70s time period but well worth the time 8 of 10
0 the ending of this movie made absolutely no sense . what a waste of 2 perfectly good hours . if you can explain it to me . . . please do . i don ' t usually consider myself unable to " get " a movie , but this was a classic example for me , so either i ' m slower than i think , or this was a really bad movie .
0 i read the novel some years ago and i liked it a lot . when i saw the movie i couldn ' t believe it . . . they changed everything i liked about the novel , even the plot . i wonder what did isabel allende ( author ) say about the movie , but i think it sucks ! ! !
0 one of the worst films i have ever had the displeasure of sitting through , killer tongue is a horrible melange of the worst elements of the rocky horror picture show , brain damage , and pulp fiction . designed primarily to offend , apparently , but so inane that only the most hidebound conservatives would be taken in by it .
1 this movie is rich with action and gore . the story line is strong enough to support the action sequences . the english version needs a tad bit of help in the dubbing department but it was still enjoyable . this movie ranks among my personal favorites next to " hard boiled " . . .
1 this did for crime what " not another teen movie " did for school . i laughed all the way through as 2 inept gangs warred with each other and among themselves . an unsubtle comedy using overt jokes and gags that kept me rolling all the way . i suppose the biggest gag in the entire film was that time never seemed to go forward leaving the characters trapped in the 30 ' s .
1 there are plenty of reviews on this page that will explain this movie ' s details far more eloquently than i could ; but i would like to offer a simple review for those who occasionally go to the movies for more than entertainment . raising victor vargas is so true you will believe it . this flick gets inside your head .
0 predictable parody , just about failed to impress throughout it ' s looooooong eight minutes . the only thing that made it worthwhile was the do not colorize line at the end credits . shame something more entertaining wasn ' t put on the dvd , like jonathan ross ' enjoyable profile of romero on ' the incredible strange film show . '
1 this movie blew me away . if you can see only one of the animated bug movies this year see this one instead of antz . the plot , characters , and jokes are better in a bugs life . also when you go stay in your seat until the end of the credits . it ' s the best part of the movie . rating 9
0 the only remarkable fact is the participation of klaus kinski who plays a priest . don ' t ask me why he does it ! a bad , bad movie overall . < br / > < br / >
0 bottom - of - the - freddy barrel . this is the worst film in the series , beating " freddy ' s revenge " for that title . a cheap - looking ( with mediocre special effects ) , incoherent mess , with freddy turned into a punster . he has one or two cool lines , but that doesn ' t save this illogical and sloppy sequel .
1 this movie i saw some 10 years ago ( maybe more ) , i took it in a rental and never found it to buy even in french sites . the end is very surprising and intelligent . i would like very much to watch it again because i think it ' s as surpring as the sixth sense althogh a completely different kind of movie .
1 brilliant kung - fu scenes , loads of melodrama , peculiar footwear symbolism and an unhappy ( ? ) end makes barefoot kid an unforgettable film . < br / > < br / > one of the silliest subtitles i ' ve seen . . .
1 this film surprised me a little . i watch a lot of horror / sci - fi films and this is a straight - to - video release that caught me off guard a little . i believe this is full moon ' s best movie thus far and one of jeffrey combs best performances . good movie .
1 this movie is great , the music " with the exception of the very first song in the movie " was awesome . the story line is awesome too , it ' s just basically a wonderfull movie , for all ages . i found the last battle scene awesome ! basically this was a great flick !
1 this is a very entertaining flick , considering the budget and its length . the storyline is hardly ever touched on in the movie world so it also brought a sense of novelty . the acting was great ( p ' z to dom ) and the cinematography was also very well done . i recommend this movie for anyone who ' s into thrillers , it will not disappoint you !
0 i only watched this film from beginning to end because i promised a friend i would . it lacks even unintentional entertainment value that many bad films have . it may be the worst film i have ever seen . i ' m surprised a distributor put their name on it .
0 i must say , when i read the storyline on the back of the case , it sounded really interesting , but when i started to watch the movie seemed boring at first and even more at the end . some scenes are way too long and the story has not been worked out properly .
1 a great ensemble cast ! a fond remembrance of younger carefree days . this movie takes me back to when i went to summer camp . indian summer , while full of practical jokes and pranks , is about growing up and coming to terms with life with middle - age life . my family & i thoroughly enjoyed this movie .
1 although not one of vonnegut ' s better known works , it is a definite " must - see " . interestingly thought out , i especially like how the director filmed the couple in love .
1 i really liked this movie . i have seen several gene kelly flicks and this is one of his best . i would actually put it above his more famous american in paris . sometimes it seems the story gets lost in gene kelly movies to the wonderful dance and song numbers , but not in this movie . it is definitely worth renting .
0 story of a good - for - nothing poet and a sidekick singer who puts his words to music . director danny boyle has lost none of his predilection for raking in the gutter of humanity for characters but he has lost , in this film , the edge for creating inspiring and funny films . strumpet is painful to watch and barely justified by the fact that it was made for tv .
0 the only aspect of this film that saves it from being my least favorite piece of celluloid trash is a single line uttered by an agent attempting to infiltrate the man - eating tomatoes by dressing in a tomato costume : " can somebody please pass the ketchup ? " i highly urge anyone with a sleeping disorder to use this film as a sedative ; it works better than an overdose of demarol .
1 with the mixed reviews this got i wasn ' t expecting too much , and was pleasantly surprised . it ' s a very entertaining small crime film with interesting characters , excellent portrayals , writing that ' s breezy without being glib , and a good pace . it looks good too , in a funky way . apparently people either like this movie or just hate it , and i ' m one who liked it .
0 another movie to suffer without an adventure to run , no enigma to solve . just an illness man , acting like an animal . no a good reason to take this journey . pitt and lewis are great actors ; magnificent michelle forbes but a weak david duchovny performance . . .
0 this has to be the worst movie i have seen . madsen fans don ' t be drawn into this like i was . he is only in it for a maximum of five minutes . this movie is so bad that the only reason why you would watch it is if all the rest of the movies on earth as well as t . v . had been destroyed .
0 this film is really bad , so bad that even christopher lee cannot save it . a poor story an even poorer script and just plain bad direction makes this a truly outstanding horror film , the outstanding part being that it is the only horror film that i can honestly say i would never ever watch again . this garbage make plan nine from outerspace look like oscar material .
1 clint eastwood reprises his role as dirty harry who this time is on the case of a vigilante ( sondra locke ) who is killing the people that raped her and her sister at a carnival many years ago . eastwood makes the role his and the movie is mainly more action then talk , not that i ' m complaining . sudden impact is indeed enjoyable entertainment .
0 this is a bad , bad movie . i ' m an actual fencer : trust me when i say that this film ' s pretension of accuracy is just that . this is especially true during that vile little scene when the fencers are combining footwork with 80 ' s pop . the ending is predictable , and the movie is a bore from start to finish . horrible .
0 maximally manipulative anabel sims ( betsy drake ) sets out to trap her ideal man , aided by her co - worker , julie . esteemed pediatrician madison brown ( cary grant ) goes from bemused to betrothed in the space of 90 minutes on film , but to the viewer it ' s all eternity . can a movie receive less than one star ? this one is a prime candidate .
1 spoiler this movie is about such a concept . williams will go to any low in order to replay the football game that haunts his life . russel plays the ex jock who peaked in high school . finally the under dog get its shot , and williams can save face , instead of being the clown . a great reverse tragedy . 7 / 10
1 i grew up watching , and loving this cartoon every year . i didn ' t think they would be able to take a half hour ( 20 min ! ) cartoon and make it a movie . they did it . with flying colours ! fabulous , funny , heart warming , effective movie !
1 the movie was a big car commercial . : - ) < br / > < br / > but who cares ? i went to the theater to view the shelby cobra , angelina & cage . < br / > < br / > so i guess it was a good movie . * bg * < br / > < br / >
0 this movie looks like it was made for tv . for years i waited for some movie to be made about rubin carter , because i loved to see him box at the old msg , and to see this movie was very disappointing . i have alot of respect for mr washington , but he was awful and boring . there is really nothing good to say about this movie except i did like the song .
0 well , not yet , at least . < br / > < br / > it ' s not listed in the worst 100 . . . < br / > < br / > so let ' s all team up , and put it in it ' s rightful place . < br / > < br / > this is truly a bad movie . ( and i liked ishtar ! ) ; )
1 gerard phillipe is absolutely perfect in this movie , funny , tender , brave and lover . he gives a superior dimension to a movie which is even a masterpiece , as much by the other actors ( gina lollobrigida : miaoooou ! ! ) as by the story or the rhythm . never boring , always creating new emotions : for me , the best french movie of all time .
1 this movie is so good i could watch it all day long ! mary - kate and ashley were robbed at oscar time ! ! if i got to be one of the actors i would be so excited ! ! ! i can ' t wait for the new charlie ' s angels movie starring mary - kate and ashley .
1 this film takes you on one family ' s impossible journey , and makes you feel every step of their odyssey . beautifully acted and photographed , heartbreakingly real . its last line , with its wistful hope , is one of the more powerful in memory .
0 we know from other movies that the actors are good but they cannot save the movie . a waste of time . the premise was not too bad . but one workable idea ( interaction between real bussinessmen and russian mafia ) is not followed by an intelligent script
1 so one person says , " this movie is a beautiful , delicate exploration of west german life after world war ii . " and the other says , " former nazis living in bombed out buildings , and the movie is ' beautiful , delicate ' ? " and the first sits there nodding , takes another sip of coffee . " i can ' t explain . just see it . "
1 pleasant , diverting and charming . the best part is the swing numbers , especially the rendition of my buddy , partial though it may have been . the acting was a bit over the top in areas but the mood set by wilder is so pleasant it is hard not to enjoy this film .
1 i saw this movie once on late night t . v . and knew it was the best movie ever . this is one of the few kung - fu movies with a decent plot . the progression of the main character is seamless . the whole movie is great !
0 this is one of the most god - awful movies ever . shaq better just stick to basketball . this movie took away apart of my life i will never have back . i will make fun of this movie until i die , and then some . it is so horrible it is not even funny . mst3000 would have a blast with this one .
1 as long as you go into this movie knowing that it ' s terrible : bad acting , bad " effects , " bad story , bad . . . everything , then you ' ll love it . this is one of my favorite " goof on " movies ; watch it as a comedy and have a dozen good laughs !
1 this is what we can do to each other . this is the sort that everbody should see at least once . < br / > < br / > it does not glorify world . it shows that it is the everyday person who is killed , mained and debased by war . the person on the " other side " eats sleeps , laughs and cry just as we do .
0 story starts slow and nothing funny happens for a while . all the action is in the end , but you won ' t have to laugh because the movie is funny , but because the story is pathetic . < br / > < br / > the funniest part is when harvey ' i ' m not paranoia ' keitel really loses it and the judge starts a massacre . oscars for this guy !
1 the one of the most remarkable sci - fi movies of the millennium . not only a movie but an incredible future vision , this movie establishes a new standard of s / f movies . hail and kill !
1 this was a very well scripted movie . great fun if you just want a stupid film . not great production value ( ok , the sound really sucked ) but the performance of danny masterson more than makes up for it . < br / > < br / > watch this movie and laugh out loud !
1 this movie is a very realistic view of a police squad in a small german town as seen through the eyes of a woman recruit . she brings her way of dealing with the law , which means more than simple convictions . the strong performance of the main character , supported by good dialogues makes this flick very enjoyable .
1 touching ; well directed autobiography of a talented young director / producer . a love story with rabin ' s assassination in the background . worth seeing ! < br / > < br / >
1 i live in missouri , so the direct effects of terrorism are largely unknown to me , this brought it home . that two men would put themselves on the line in the way that those members of fdny and nypd did , just to document the horror that unfolded on that day . this film is a testament to those who lost their lives and the true evil that terror brings .
1 i simply love this movie . i also love the ramones , so i am sorta biased to begin with in the first place . there isn ' t a lot of critical praise to give this film , either you like it or you don ' t . i think it ' s a great cult movie .
1 this is an intimate movie of a sincere girl in the real world out of hollywood ' s cheap fantasy is a very good piece of its class , and ashley judd fills the role impeccably . it may appear slow for thrill seekers though . cool movie for a calm night . < br / > < br / >
1 this is one fine movie , i can watch it any time . rauol julia gave an outstanding performance , we lost him too soon . richard dryfus is a great talent . only thing it needed more of was dana delany , what a babe !
1 this is how movies are supposed to be made : a fascinating setting ; characters about whom you come to care deeply ; writing and editing that move the plot efficiently and build suspense . this is a wonderful film - - deeply moving without being sentimental . highly recommended .
1 i saw that movie few days ago . this movie is so great that it makes me feel that if you want something really bad that you have always dreamed about it - you can have it . this shows a big wish come true trought happiness and sadness , hopeless and failure . but if you are strong enough and your heart really belongs to something that you love you can make things different and be happy .
0 < br / > < br / > i didn ' t see they call me trinity , but this sequel is really unfunny at all . it has many gags that are supposed to make people laugh . i guess the filmmaker just don ' t have the talent to do it right . wonder why it was so popular in the 70s .
1 just as tom berenger put you into the soul of sgt . barnes , he has done it again with thomas beckett . if i thought his world was folding in on him in the first scenes , it was nothing compared to how much more i felt during the last scenes . great movie , even for a girl .
0 ice - t stars as mason a homeless african - american who finds himself hunted by wealthy hunters ( rutger hauer , gary busey , charles s . dutton , f . murray abraham , william mcnamara and john c . mcginley ) however mason proves to be much harder prey then the usual targets in this ridiculous and slow paced actioner which takes too long setting up actionscenes and then totally botching them .
1 pakeezah is in my mind the greatest achievement of indian cinema . the film is visually overwhelming but also emotionally breathtaking . the music , the songs , the sets , the costumes , the cinematography , in fact every creative element is worthy of superlatives .
1 entertaining jim belushi vehicle , a modern cockeyed version of it ' s a wonderful life . michael caine plays a sort - of angel who lets belush see what life would have been like if he had " made it big " . jim is at his best with a good story and supporting cast ; seems like real chemistry between him and hamilton . not an oscar contender but good warm - hearted fun .
1 this movie will kick your ass ! powerful acting in a story that pushes all of us to live out our dreams . jake gyllenhaal will go places from here , and the supporting cast was superb . why would would anyone want to stay in coalville and develop black lung anyway ?
1 story of a wrongly executed prisoner who haunts the prison he was electrocuted in and kills random prisoners while waiting to take revenge on the man who framed him . < br / > < br / > viggo mortensen is great , and the acting is pretty good overall . lane smith is deliciously wicked as the guilty warden . also , this film has some great gore , including death by barbed - wire mummification .
0 bad acting , bad lighting , bad plot ! ! this had the quality of a porno movie . i have seen more interesting home video of a boring wedding than this movie . . . it sucked big time ! ! don ' t waste your time or money on this crap ! it ' s amazing that they allow this kind of smut to even be released on video , it should be a crime ! !
0 a somewhat dull made for tv movie which premiered on the tbs cable station . antonio and janine run around chasing a killer computer virus and . . . that ' s about it . for trivia buffs this will be noted as debuting the same weekend that the real life ' melissa ' virus also made it ' s debut in e - mail inboxes across the world .
1 ruth gordon at her best . this episode is my favorite of the whole columbo series . peter falk and ruth gordon worked so well together that they should both be inducted into the television hall of fame , regardless of the rest of their work . even the music was outstanding in this episode .
0 this was the worst mtv movie awards ever ! ! ! i barely laughed , none of the presenters were funny , the hosts really sucked , and the parodies weren ' t so great either . why can ' t we go back to the good olden days when the show was a riot ?
1 what can i say , it ' s a damn good movie . see it if you still haven ' t . great camera works and lighting techniques . awesome , just awesome . orson welles is incredible ' the lady from shanghai ' can certainly take the place of ' citizen kane ' .
1 i am glad other people enjoyed this movie , cause i know it doesn ' t have the greatest reputation and it made no money at the box office . i thought it was terrific and there are several reasons why - bogdanovich directs with the lightest of touches , the cast ( especially coleen camp ) is perfect and the big bad apple never looked better on film . you ' ve seen worse movies !
1 this movie is very funny . amitabh bachan and govinda are absolutely hilarious . acting is good . comedy is great . they are up to their usual thing . it would be good to see a sequel to this : ) < br / > < br / > watch it . good time - pass movie
1 my all - time favorite movie ! i have seen many movies , but this one beats them all ! excelent acting , wonderful story . you will , as a " normal " caring person start to love george . altough he is an actor , he is also himself and a very lovable person . and maby most important thing : you will learn to respect & look different to people with down syndrome .
1 this is a truly magnificent and heartwrenching film ! ! ! ! ripstein ' s locations are spectacular , extremely detailed and well lit , the dialogue is extraordinarily garcia marquez , no doubt about it . fernando lujan and marisa paredes give us outstanding performances as the colonel and his wife . < br / > < br / > you must see it ! ! !
1 go , igor , go , you are the proof that slovenian films may , should and must be different . there ' s soul in it , and this is rare . don ' t let anybody put you down !
1 story of ireland in the 70 / s . this film is a beautiful reconstruction of small time ireland in the 1970 / s . all the gang are there see below . master boyle , the boys , the cannon , sp o ' donnell , senator doogan ' s daugter , rose , agnes , maura and una . see this film . feel ireland as it was . < br / > < br / >
1 when i rented this movie i thought i was going to see a horror - movie . however , there is little horror in this typical seventies mystery - drama directed by strange james t . flocker . nice - looking matt boston carries the picture with his fine performance and the typical strange atmosphere of flocker ' s movies is all - present .
0 kurosawa really blew it on this one . every genius is allowed a failure . the concept is fine but the execution is badly blurred . < br / > < br / > there is an air of fantasy about this film making it something of an art film . the poverty stricken of tokyo deserve a fairer and more realistic portrayal . many of them have interesting stories to tell . a very disappointing film .
1 i picked up the movie with no cover and not even knowing what it was , but when i watched it i laughed so hard . it is now one of my favorite movies of all time . rusty and the guys created a masterpiece i would highly recommend this movie to any one with a sense of humor . thank you rusty for giving us something to laugh at .
0 i ' m sorry for jean , after having such a good original movie to be followed up by perhaps his worst movie in is career . this movie was shot down terribly by horrible acting jobs by goldbeg ( romeo ) and whatever that computers name was . also , some scenes may have been just a little unnesicary . truly , bad movie .
0 worst movie , ( with the best reviews given it ) i ' ve ever seen . over the top dialog , acting , and direction . more slasher flick than thriller . with all the great reviews this movie got i ' m appalled that it turned out so silly . shame on you martin scorsese
1 " fear of a black hat " is a superbly crafted film . i was laughing almost continuously from start to finish . if you have the means , i highly recommend viewing this movie it is , by far , the funniest movie i have had the pleasure to experience . grab your stuff !
0 this is the weakest of the series , not much of a plot and a rather odd - looking wallace . but it ' s still pretty good , considering . a sign of greater things to come ! < br / > < br / > 6 / 10
0 this piece ain ' t really worth a comment . . it ' s simply the worst " horror " movie i have ever seen . the actors are bad as bad can be and the whole plot is so silly it nearly made me cry . shame on you i say ! !
0 this movie had a good story , but was brought down because it didn ' t have enough horror film elements and violence . it was like watching a live action cartoon . it would of been better if this story is what they planned from the start of the first movie so they could of played seeds for where the series was going .
0 the video quality is awful . the sound quality is pathetic . the acting is horrific . the dialog is painful . the lighting is dismal . the editing is laughable . i could go on , but it would be pointless . snitch ' d is a third rate amateur video being passed off as a feature film . this one is best left to collect dust in the video store bargain bin .
0 good actors and good performances can ' t mask a pointless script , bad dialogue , and patterns of behavior spiraling into nothing you ' d care about . the most interesting character is david berkowitz . no character development - no growth , no interest , just some suffering for no particular reason , teaching us nothing and not even bothering to entertain .
1 the only kung fu epic worth watching . the best training ever . the main character spending a hundred day ' s on his knees outside the shaolin temple show how desperate he is to learn kung fu to fight the manchu dogs who have taken over china .
1 all this talk about this being a bad movie is nonsense . as a matter of fact this is the best movie i ' ve ever seen . it ' s an excellent story and the actors in the movie are some of the best . i would not give criticism to any of the actors . that movie is the best and it will always stay that way .
1 sterling and younger brother try to survive on land , being squeezed by big cattlemen . when ' rogue ' brother preston arrives , a moral dilemma ensues . john ' drew ' barrymore steals the show as the younger , impressionable brother - barrymore shows signs here that he could have been an acting powerhouse . moves at a nice pace to an exciting climax .
1 loved this film . real people , great acting , humour , unpredictable . the characters were believable and you really connected with them . if you ' re looking for a film about slightly offbeat characters outside the mainstream of society and how they help each other , this would be a good choice .
0 i felt asleep , watching it ! ! ! ( and i had tickets for the midnight - premiere ) any questions ? the most disturbing scene , as far as i can remember , was the techno - dance - i - dont - know - what - that - was - scene . by the way what an ending ! ?
1 one of the best records of israel ' s response to the murder of rabin . extremely true and natural , it captured the spirit of the nation . especially important was the response of young people to the trauma of israel ' s loss and the feeling that we shall overcome .
0 repugnant bronson thriller . unfortunately , it ' s technically good and i gave it 4 / 10 , but it ' s so utterly vile that it would be inconceivable to call it " entertainment " . far more disturbing than a typical slasher film .
0 this movie will confuse you to death . furthermore , if your a denise richards ' fan , don ' t even think of renting this movie . besides getting top billing by being on the cover and about 10 minutes of air time if that , she has nothing to do with the movie or the many messed up plots .
1 another entertaining travolta dance flick ! great music , mood , and scenes . debra winger is beautiful ! like " saturday night fever " , this macho film features extremely improbable scenes of beautiful women falling for travolta and almost begging him to have sex with them .
1 there ' s something about every " hammer " movie i see that really takes me into a new fantasy world . in the world of " hammer " movies , anything can happen . " guardian of the abyss " is one of those types of movies . it adventures deep into the occult and hypnosis to bring a different type of horror fantasy . all in all , an unforgettable movie . 7 . 5 / 10 .
1 excellent film dealing with the life of an old man as he looks back over the years . starting around 1910 , he reminisces about his boy and young adulthood ; his family , friends , romances , etc . very nostalgic piece with a bittersweet finale . . . . " all things in life come together as one , and a river runs through it . and that river haunts me . " worth seeing .
1 all i have to say is if you don ' t like it then there is something wrong with you . plus jessica is just all kinds of hot ! ! ! ! ! the only reason you may not like it is because it is set in the future where seattle has gone to hell . that and you my not like it cause the future they show could very well happen .
1 when i started to watch this movie on vh - 1 i cringed . the mtv movies were all bad so i wasnt expecting much . but this movie was really good . i liked it a lot . and it even had a twist at the end . see this movie because it shows that made for tv movies that are good exist .
1 its not as good as the first movie , but its a good solid movie its has good car chase scenes , on the remake of this movie there a story for are hero to drive fast as his trying to rush to the side of his ailing wife , the ending is great just a good fair movie to watch in my opinion , < br / > < br / >
0 it was just a terrible movie . no one should waste their time . go see something else . this movie is , without a doubt , one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life . if you want to see a good movie , don ' t see made men .
0 this movie is about as underrated as police acadmey mission to moscow . this movie is never funny . it ' s maybe the worst comedy spoof ever made . very boring , and dumb beyond belief . for those people that think this movie is underrated god help you . i give this movie * out of * * * * < br / > < br / >
1 this is the definite lars von trier movie , my favorite , i rank it higher than " breaking the waves " or the latest " dancer in the dark " . . . i simply love the beauty of the picture . . . the framing is so original ; acting is wonderful , a must see .
1 an enthralling , wonderful look at the films that inspired the excellent martin scorsese . many of the films he speaks of are easy to relate to his works , particularly the earlier ones , the silent era . very enjoyable despite being a bit long , i found this to be one of the best documentaries on film yet . required viewing if you admire martin scorsese and his work .
1 i ' d never heard of this movie , but boy was i surprised when i caught it on tv . great cast , great acting . excellent movie ! how can a movie with william h macy , neve campbell and donald sutherland go wrong ? i wonder why i never heard of it before .
1 fear of a black hat is a hilarious spoof of hip - hop culture . it is just as funny as this is spinal tap , if not funnier . the actors are incredible and the documentary style is superb . mark christopher lawrence is a tremendous talent that should be starring in a lot more films . this film is a true cult classic !
1 the creators of south park in their own film here , this is a brilliant film with a huge entertainment factor . if you like naked gun films and are not young and not too mature or serious on your humor , you ' ll love this .
1 buster keaton was finding his feature length voice in " three ages . " there are some fine sequences , but it doesn ' t quite hang together . the " chariot race " in " three ages " is hilarious . included are 2 shorts , one of which , " the goat , " is excellent .
0 i found " the arab conspiracy " in a bargain bin and thought i ' d uncovered a lost treasure . folks , there ' s a reason why you don ' t hear much about this film . the plot is muddy , the pacing is slow , cornelia sharpe is about as vivacious as plain , cold tofu , and the ending leaves you flat . not even sean connery can save this one .
1 to die for has it all . this film has a great cast . lots and lots of romance and terror . not too gory but still enough to appeal to horror fans . there are a lot more vampire love stories . if you are a fan of vampire love stories i strongly recommend this film - 10 / 10 .
1 this is a gem of a movie not just for people who like fun and quirky premises , but who love the history and traditions of sci - fi and classic hollywood movies . each alien of the martian crew is the embodiment of a classic sci - fi character or member of hollywood royalty and it ' s pure pleasure watching them bounce of each other and the residents of big bean .
0 i know that the real story of little richard is a lot more thrilling than this maudlin and thoroughly average biopic . but then producer little richard was probably too reluctant to bring to light any sordid details of his life and just gave us a forgettable facsimile of his career highlights from the 50s and 60s .
1 cliffhanger is what appears to be slyvester stallone ' s last action movie before he became such an underrated actor . it ' s about a mountain climber that must help his friend after being held hostage by mercenaries that want them to find three suitcases carrying money over 100 million dollars . it has great action sequence ' s , edge of your seat fun and a great time at the movies .
0 greenaway seems to have a habit of trying deliberately to disgust his viewers . this film opens with incest - - and purposeless , meaningless , casual incest at that . that ' s greenaway ' s big problem . he prefers parlor tricks to shock over actually doing anything meaningful . technical skill isn ' t enough . he ' s just a bit perverse for the sake of perversity .
0 like too many recent british films , this one takes a great cast and gives them a flimsy , cliched script to work with . the performances save it from total disgrace , and it has some charm but it certainly didn ' t make me laugh . where are all the great british writers hiding ?
0 the worst movie i have seen in a while . yeah its fun to fantasize , but if that is what you are looking for , i suggest you see brewsters millions . this was just terrible and corny and terrible at being corny . unless you are five or like terrible movies , don ' t see this one .
1 this is one of the most interesting movies i have ever seen . i love the backwoods feel of this movie . the movie is very realistic and believable . this seems to take place in another era , maybe the late 60 ' s or early 70 ' s . henry thomas works well with the young baby . very moving story and worth a look .
1 now let me tell you about this movie , this movie is my favorite movie ! ! ! this movie has excellent combat fighting . this movie does sound like a silly story line about how jet li plays a super hero , like spider - man , or etc . but once you ' ve seen this movie , you would probably want to see it again and again . i rate this movie 10 / 10 .
0 i ' m not even gonna waste time on this one ; it ' s not funny , not scary , practically unwatchable and only occassionaly gory ( the fx suck though ( no pun intended ) ) . this is a disclaimer ; watch at your peril ! ask yourself 1 question ; are slugs scary ?
0 what a horrible comedy . totally lame . the supposed " humor " was simple and stupid . stanly tucci ( a great actor ) had the only parts worth chuckling at . and he was tied up and gagged at the time . don ' t waste your time with this one . it deserves a 0 / 10 .
1 this movie really rocks ! jeff wincott is terrific in the film ! his fighting incredible ! he is such a fast martial artist ! brigitte nielsen & matthias hues was very good ! mission of justice is an action packed movie that is never boring ! if you like fighting movies with incredible non stop action then check out mission of justice today !
1 this film is a quite entertaining horror anthology film ( along the lines of tales from the crypt ) written by robert bloch ( author of psycho ) . it ' s good fun for horror fans and has an excellent cast . the movie should also be required viewing for doctor who fans since jon pertwee ( the third doctor ) has an amusing role as a rude and obnoxious horror star !
1 this is one of the funniest movies that i have seen this year . the people that made it must be so incredibly whacked and twisted . it is a beautiful thing . there were a lot of quality one - liners . this movie blew uncle sam out of the water ( it was made by tha same people , i think )
1 if you need cheering up on a cold weekday evening , this is the film for you ! excellent script and perfectly cast actors . i especially loved ray psyching himself up in front of the mirror before gigs - inspired !
0 wow . . . this has got to be the dumbest movie i ' ve ever seen . we watched it in english class . . . and this movie made absolutely no sense . i would never , ever watch this movie again . . . and my sympathy to those who have ever paid to see it .
1 this movie is another on the list that i did not want to see . i was talked into it and dragged into the theater , but boy am i glad for that . i thought it was going to be just another love story , but it turns out to be sooo much more than that . definatly an intellectual flick , one of those movies you have to pay attention to .
1 this film is brilliant ! it touches everyone who sees it in an extraordinary way . it really takes you back to your youth and puts a new perspective on how you view your childhood memories . there are so many layers to this film . it is innovative and absolutely fabulous !
0 this movie is really wack . there is really nothing nice i can say about it , besides the moral truth expressed in the film ' s climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime . besides all that , the film had nothing : no good shots , no good acting , and no good script . i give this film a f and a 2 out 10 .
1 carlos saura ' s carmen is one of the finest achievements in world , let alone spanish , cinema . it manages to excite interest in flamenco in its wonderful staged adaptations from bizet with powerful physical force . at the same time we see the impact of the creation and rehearsal of a new interpretation of carmen on the choreographer / director and the principle dancers . the fine line between life and art is dazzling .
1 as a psychiatrist specialized in trauma , i find this film a beautiful shown example of a severe psychic trauma , even a trauma . it not only explains the enormous difficulties those people have to cope wither , but that even love is sometimes not enough . but she tries !
0 its hard to make heads or tails of this film . unless you ' re well oiled and in the mood to mock , don ' t view santa claus . it mixes santa , satan , merlin , and moralizing in a most unappetizing way . it certainly is not for fretful children .
0 in the beginning and throughout the movie , it was great . it was suspenseful and thrilling . yet in the end it gave no answer to what had happened . they mysteriously turned into zombies by a raven or crow ? it did not answer the questions that we all had and therefore , was not as good a movie as i thought that it was going to be .
0 serious home alone / karate kid knock off with enough bad character stereotypes to have the writer sued and then shot . you could see blatant stunt man usage in almost every scene . oh , and the acting sucks too . although i must say that the line : " sorry , dude , i have to take a major dump big time " made me laugh my ass off .
0 the trailers get you to the movie , but the movie just wasn ' t worth my 8 . 50 . . it has some good effects , but the storyline . . yech , i like tommy lee jones and will smith as actors , they have both done some good films , but i wish they hadn ' t added this one to their resume ' s . to be honest , the book is better . .
0 an uptight voyeur who wants to commit suicide encounters a free spirited bad - seed who has 5 weeks to live and then they ' re off to discover america . get the idea ? there ' s not an original moment in this whole movie .
0 well , it was funny in spots . this film is a 4 or maybe a 3 . its a film that sits on the video shelf and gathers dust . rent this one after you seen everything else . beats boredom , but not by that much . my wife like like this film better then i do , maybe its not that bad .
1 the performances in this movie were fantastic . the dialogue was great . jason patric delivered a fantastic performance as " kid " collins in this wonderful adaptation of the jim thompson novel . far superior to " the grifters " , which was a good movie , this film really stayed true to the pulp fiction / film noir roots from which the story came . i recommend this movie to all film noir fans .
0 this charles outing is decent but this is a pretty low - key performance . marlon brando stands out . there ' s a subplot with mira sorvino and donald sutherland that forgets to develop and it hurts the film a little . i ' m still trying to figure out why charlie want to change his name . every movie with " charles " has been pretty bad .
0 i could only get through about 25 mins of it . not one laugh in the 25 minutes i gave it , one of the most painful films i ' ve ever had to endure . chris kattan is so nervous on screen that it made me nervous to watch him . just a horrible movie .
1 i havent seen that movie in 20 or more years but i remember the attack scene with the horses wearing gas - masks vividly , this scene ranks way up there with the best of them including the beach scene on saving private ryan , i recommend it strongly .
0 this movie is a blatant attempt by the left in hollywood to portray reagan ' s administration as incompetent and bungling . some mistakes may have been made at the time of the crisis , but i ' m sure not to the extent portrayed in this lame movie . my first reaction was that this movie had to have been directed by oliver stone , but i was wrong this time . there are apparently many others .
1 more eeriness and dark secrets released in the final parts of lars von trier ' s fantastic horror satire the kingdom . . . much more is revealed and the ending just leaves you begging for more . plus a great performance from udo kier in a more substantial role . . .
0 definitely not worth the rental , but if you catch it on cable , you ' ll be pleasantly surprised by the cameos - - iman ' s appearance is especially self - deprecating . it ' s also an opportunity to watch all the male supporting cast members from the sopranos typecast themselves .
1 this is an excellent example of early bette davis talent . the production is above average for 1936 timeframe . i cannot understand why the owners of the rights to this film have not put it on dvd . owners , please please release it . i would buy it immediately . i have not seen it in more than thirty years , on television , but remember it well .
1 the scenes are fast - paced . the characters are great . i love anne - marie johnson ' s acting . i really like the ending . < br / > < br / > however , i was disappointed that this movie didn ' t delve deeper into achilles ' s and athena ' s relationship . it only blossomed when they kissed each other .
0 i have no clue as to what this was shot on but you can definitely tell that they had no budget . bad acting , horrible cinematography , and lame plot and some decent special effects do not make a good movie . the wwf style cinemtography will make you cry . . . where ' s the tripod ? ! the filmakers aimed high , but sorely missed their mark .
1 a very well made film set in early ' 60s communist yugoslavia . the five young actors who are the teenagers at the center of the story give strong , sincere and emotionally deep performances . a clear depiction of how the natural trust and naivete inherent in teens can be easily manipulated and how that impacted the rest of their lives . highly recommended .
0 tries to be funny and fails miserably . the animation is just terrible , looks like a 2 year old threw it together in his sleep . plot is dull and cliched . if you have a young child , maybe rent it . but don ' t waste hard earned money to pay to see it . < br / > < br / > 1 / 10
0 this movie was so bad that my i . q . went down about 40 points after seeing it . it made me wonder who could sit through the weeks it took to make it and think that it was worth it . it must of been some kind of personal favor to van damme .
1 this is an absolutely incredible film . it shows south african racism from the perspective of the victims , and provokes a feeling of anti - racism in everyone who sees it . it is the best historic film i have ever seen .
0 the only way we survived this stinker was by continually making fun of its stupidity . funny thing is none of the audience around us seemed to mind - - we all joined in . < br / > < br / > this movie is soooo bad , its only potential is to become a midnight cult movie that people can invent lines and throw popcorn at .
1 i thought this was one of those really great films to see with a bunch of close friends . i laughed and cried and laughed and cried at the same time . it was just really touching . although not a new concept this was a very well made film .
1 for a comedy this has a decent and inventive plot and trey parker and matt stone ' s comic timing is perfect . there are dozens of funny moments to this fantastic movie . i especially like the multitude of colors and the way the clash in the sports arena scenes . robert stacks unsolved mysteries spoof is also very amusing .
0 a movie has rarely left me as cold as this one . there is not a bit of tension , not a second of fear , not a moment we jump , even a little bit . the girl is cute , yeah . that ' s it . was that worth a movie ? i knew it wasn ' t supposed to be a great movie , but i was at least expecting one .
1 a timeless classic , wonderfully acted with perfect location settings , conjuring a marvelous atmospheric movie . a simple story mingled with humor and suspense . i wish that a video was available in britain . i have seen this film on many occasions and it remains one of my favorites along with oh mr porter .
1 this is a great movie to see with your girlfriend . my friend and i both love dance and ran into this movie at the video store . we had to get it . with no violence and such a warming story its a great movie to relax to and just enjoy your night . i would recommend this movie to any family or just a bunch of girls looking for a cute movie .
1 this is the movie for those who believe cinema is the seventh art , not an entertainment business . lars von trier creates a noir atmosphere of post - war germany utterly captivating . you get absorbed into the dream and you ' re let go only at the end credits . the plot necessarily comes second , but it still is a thrilling story with tough issues being raised . just wonderful .
0 < br / > < br / > dull demi , going thru the motions . ditto prochnow . ominous portents that elicit yawns . michael biehn trying to be dynamic , which ain ' t his shtick . < br / > < br / > to quote buffy summers , " if the apocalypse comes . . . beep me . " < br / > < br / > going back to sleep now .
0 this movie is horrible ! it rivals " ishtar " in the number of embarrassingly bad moments . i would have rated it lower than a 3 , save for a couple of funny lines ; but , overall , this film was crap ! it looked like they made it over a weekend at some bankrupt resort somewhere . joe roth should join elaine may on the directing sidelines forever !
1 i thought it was an original story , very nicely told . i think all you people are expecting too much . i mean . . . it ' s just a made for television movie ! what are you expecting ? some great wonderful dramtic piece ? i thought it was a really great story for a made for television movie . . . . and that ' s my opinion .
0 this movie is absolutely pointless , one of the good esamples how malcom mcdowall never got one decent role after clockwork orange . this one may be one of the worst though . no story , crappy special effects , shot in 4 : 3 / or even worse cropped on dvd , just avoid it . . . .
1 portrays the day to day stark reality of survival on a ranch in the old west . outstanding acting by both principal actors . this doesn ' t even feel like a movie . . . you feel like you ' re there . animal activists should beware . . . many scenes are obviously not just realistic . . . they are real .
1 of course , he did have to invent everything about cinematography , film directing , etc . before he could make classics like " the gardner , " so i suppose he may be forgiven this initial excursion into mere sociological documentary . today we call them " home movies , " and they are just as boring now as this one is
1 in all the comments praising or damning dalton ' s performance , i thought he was excellent . he does not play rochester as a spoiled pretty rich boy , but as a roguish , powerful man . i liked this version , although the shot on video aspect was sometimes distracting , and the scenes with jane and st . john never quite gelled . i give this an 8 .
1 simply put , this is the best movie to come out of michigan since . . . well , ever ! evil dead eat your heart out , hatred of a minute was some of the oddest , and best cinema to be seen by this reviewer in a long time . i recommend this movie to anyone who is in need of a head trip , or a good case of the willies !
0 other than some neat special effects , this movie has nothing to offer . they threw in some gore and some nudity to try and make it interesting , but with no success . kevin bacon ' s acting was pretty good , but he couldn ' t salvage the movies lack of plot .
1 a highly atmospheric cheapie , showing great ingenuity in the use of props , sets and effects ( fog , lighting , focus ) to create an eerie and moody texture . the story is farfetched , the acting is merely functional , but it shows how imaginative effects can develop an entire visual narrative . this movie is recommended for its mood and texture , not for its story .
1 farrah fawcett gives an award nominated performance as an attempted rape victim who turns the tables on her attacker . this movie not only makes you examine your own morals , it proves that fawcett can excel as a serious actress both as a victim and victor .
1 kenneth branagh shows off his excellent skill in both acting and writing in this deep and thought provoking interpretation of shakespeare ' s most classic and well - written tragedy . kenneth plays the role of hamlet with such a distinct emotion that provokes tears . kate winslet ' s performance is also of great note .
1 i love eddie izzard . i think this is awesome , and the other television specials should be looked at as well . he has a good book " dress to kill " out to buy as well , which i think people should read . i loved that this program won an emmy , and anyone who likes history will probably get a laugh from eddie . enjoy : )
0 my kids picked this out at the video store . . . it ' s great to hear liza as dorothy cause she sounds just like her mom . but there are too many bad songs , and the animation is pretty crude compared to other cartoons of that time .
1 very entertaining , and a great cast as noted . i ' d like to add that bruce dern did a fine job also , as is usually the case . worth renting if you can find it , which has proved difficult for me . also note that the amazon link from this page currently goes to a different movie of the same name .
1 i stumbled across rerun syndication of this show several years ago , and fell in love with it . it features tea leoni and holland taylor and kept me laughing , one episode after the next . i guess it didn ' t make it so big , and was cancelled after a few seasons , but i believe it was a good run , and would suggest watching it . . . if the opportunity arises .
0 spanish horrors are not bad at all , some are smart with interesting stories , but is not the case of " second name " . it is badly directed , badly acted and boring . . . boring . . . boring , a missed chance for an interesting story .
0 this was an incredibly stupid movie . it was possibly the worst movie i ' ve ever had the displeasure of sitting through . i cannot fathom how it ranks a rating of 5 or 6 . . . . . . . . . . . . .
0 people , please don ' t bother to watch this movie ! this movie is bad ! it ' s totally waste of time . i don ' t see any point here . it ' s a stupid film with lousy plot and the acting is poor . i rather get myself beaten than watch this movie ever again .
1 yes it was a little low budget , but this movie shows love ! the only bad things about it was that you can tell the budget on this film would not compare to " waterworld " and though the plot was good , the film never really tapped into it ' s full potential ! strong performances from everyone and the suspense makes it worthwhile to watch on a rainy night .
1 i rank this the best of the zorro chapterplays . the exciting musical score adds punch to an exciting screen play . there is an excellent supporting cast and mystery villain that will keep you guessing until the final chapter . reed hadley does a fine job as don diego and his alter ego zorro . last , but certainly not least , is the great directing team of whitney and english .
1 it ' s heart - warming to see a movie that doesn ' t bash males . in this one the wife / mother leaves her family to " get in touch " with herself - or pursue her libido . the father stays with and nurtures the kids , letting neither his work nor his love life interfere with his love of and responsibility to them .
0 this movie goes beyond just being bad , it is definitively the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life . unless you yourself have a problem with necrophilia than you will not enjoy will not enjoy the scenes depicting it in this film , ( if you can call it that ) .
0 richard farnsworth is one of my favorite actors . he usually gives solid performances , such as in the straight story , and the grey fox . he also does fairly well here , but the rest of the film suffers from a low budget , poor writing , and so - so photography . the miller - movie formula gives it a 4 . richard gets a 5 .
0 this movie is so bad , i knew how it ends right after this little girl killed the first person . very bad acting very bad plot very bad movie < br / > < br / > do yourself a favour and don ' t watch it 1 / 10
0 although the director tried ( the filming was made in tynisia and morocco ) , this attempt to transport the new testament in the screen failed . the script has serious inaccuracies and fantasies , while the duration is very long . but the most tragic is the protagonist chris sarandon , who doesn ' t seem to understand the demands of his role .
1 the plot of the story and the performance of the lead actors are very much down - to - earth ! the romance between two teen - age boys on the screen was done in good taste . you can easily relate to their emotions if you are one but if you are not one , you can appreciate the kind of love the film is trying to impart .
1 my wife and i have watched this movie twice . both of us used to be in the military . besides being funny as hell , it offers a very realistic view of life in the navy from the perspective of a navy enlisted man , and tells it " like it really is " . we ' re adding this movie to our permanent collection !
0 the silent one - panel cartoon henry comes to fleischer studios , billed as " the world ' s funniest human " in this dull little cartoon . betty , long past her prime , thanks to the production code , is running a pet shop and leaves henry in charge for far too long - - five minutes . a bore .
0 routine suspense yarn about a sociopath ( dillon ) who gives his sperm to a clinic of human reproduction and starts to harrass the lives of the woman ( antony ) and his husband ( mancuso ) . extremely predictable , far - fetched and with undecided tone all the way . don ' t lose your time with this one . . . make a baby instead !
1 this is a very grim , hard hitting , even brutal film about a death row break that goes awry . it ' s black and white photography keeps it from being dated . mickey rooney is excellent as the twisted , yet strangely sympathetic lead . one of the first movies to portray the psychological desolation of death row . it is also quite poignant .
1 omar epps is an outstanding actor . i really think he gets into his character alot . when deja gets shot he shows true emotion . he also shows true emotion when remmi puts the gun to him in the room . omar is a very talented actor ! !
1 i hope she can keep acting and directing . she ' s surely up to the task and could easily develop that visionary streak into a long career of unconventional and rare works of art . her work has a rare kind of generosity and her timing is spot - on ! oy i ' m kvell
0 the plot was predictable , and fighting with guns gets old , but this is a definate movie to look at if you have a low iq and don ' t really care about real movies . i would endulge in true art movies , like ' clerks ' , ' something about mary ' , ' el mariachi ' , or ' la taqueria ' .
1 this film gave me nightmares for months and i ' m 17 . this is the scariest movie ever made ! that is no exaggeration ! ! i saw this movie at school in english lessons and no one else was scared which amazed me . after reading other reviews i ' m glad i ' m not the only person who found this so scary ! !
0 except for the better than average acting skills of the two leads , this movie is really , really bad . the cheap production values don ' t help . of course , you wouldn ' t really notice that the production values are cheap if they didn ' t keep trying to convince you they had a production values to begin with . even for a b - movie genre freak like myself , this movie really sucks .
1 this was one of the best war movies i ' ve seen because it focuses on the characters more then the actual war . all of the cast do an excellent job and because most of them are relative unknowns it makes everything seem more believable . the camera footage is great is so was the pacing and editing . this movie will actually get to you and causes the audience to care for the charcters .
1 i have seen virtually all of cynthia rothrock ' s films , and to me this is the funniest . it reminds me of early jackie chan movies . admittedly , ms rothrock may not be the greatest actress , but she is very good to watch as both a martial artist and as a very cute young lady . this film , while probably not the best of all her films , was the most entertaining .
1 three scumbags get their just deserts after wasting their lives in greed , drugs , ego , and bad attitudes . interesting and well done ; this style of film always makes me wonder where reality leaves off and imagination takes over . even though these folks were the scum of the earth i still found myself pitying them . they never really stood much of a chance .
1 excellent writing and wild cast . the tech is poor but it ' s obviously very low budget . looks like they didn ' t cut the negative but had to release on a video output . in any case one of the most inventive comedies i ' ve seen lately . the screenwriter in particular is fine .
0 my ten - year old liked it . for me it was hard to get through it . christopher lloyd played it way over the top and the suit was tedious and unfunny . sorry to see jeff daniels in this .
0 this movie was absolutely terrible . i can ' t believe i paid to see it in the theatre . i wouldn ' t watch it on free cable t . v . i ' m surprised that joe magtena even made it . do not waste your time with this movie .
0 i have seen over 1000 movies and this one stands out as one of the worst movies that i have ever seen . it is a shame that they had to associate this garbage to the angels 1963 song " my boyfriend ' s back . " if you have to make a choice between watching this movie and painful dental work , i would suggest the dental work .
1 growing up in a multi racial neighborhood back in the 20 ' s and 30 ' s , i grew up very close to most of the italian families living there . this move brought back so many pleasant memories . this is a movie most people would like who enjoy seeing more true to life movies .
0 stilted , stagy , strange and opaque , if visually striking . . . a wannabe - erotic fantasy . really boring , way too much male nudity ( including father - son incest ) , and just a sort of shameless pointlessness . i will confess , however , that certain passages of dialogue , taken on their own terms , do have a lulling , haunting quality .
1 a film destined to be on late - night tv long after the present instant " money - makers " have long been forgotten . perhaps a little too subtle for today ' s youngsters , but in time they ' ll grow into an appreciation of this movie .
1 i thought this movie would be dumb , but i really liked it . people i know hate it because spirit was the only horse that talked . well , so what ? the songs were good , and the horses didn ' t need to talk to seem human . i wouldn ' t care to own the movie , and i would love to see it again . 8 / 10
0 if there was a scale below 1 , it would get a - 10 , following in the footsteps of godspell . the acting ( if there was such a thing ) was atrocious , the plot in shambles . and rene russo was sickeningly sweet in her role , enough to make a person retch . ten thumbs down for a dumb movie . saving grace : kudos for era costuming .
0 working with one of the best shakespeare sources , this film manages to be creditable to it ' s source , whilst still appealing to a wider audience . < br / > < br / > branagh steals the film from under fishburne ' s nose , and there ' s a talented cast on good form .
0 this movie looked like it was going to be really funny . i was very excited to see it but was very disappointed . it was very unrealistic . the plot was also pretty weak . i was expecting it to be really funny but the jokes weren ' t even that good . i was also really disappointed with the ending . i would not recommend this movie to anyone .
1 extremely well - conceived - part whatever happened to , part behind the scenes revisitation , part reunion film - all done in the same campy style that made the original series so much fun . i only wish this had been done 10 years ago to include more guest villains who have passed on .
1 in a very short time , the movie showed a boy ' s odd life of taking pictures , showed his life and everyone else ' s get turned upside down as a result of his photographs , then brought everything back to normal in the end . one to see if you ' re looking for something interesting .
0 perhaps the biggest waste of production time , money and the space on the video store shelf . if someone suggests you see this movie , run screaming in the other direction . unless , of course , you ' re into self - abuse .
1 i ' ve seen this about 2 or 3 times and haven ' t regretted it . homeward bound is not just a typical animal movie . its unique , fun and bursting with adventure . the things that make it a fun movie are the animals ( obvious ) who are wonderfully trained . a very good effort . < br / > < br / > 8 . 5 / 10 !
1 it ' s this sort of movie that you try and imitate . by attempting to realise something . . . then flying through the air almost immediately . i ' d like to do that and i know you would too ! < br / > < br / > great stuff !
0 that shall be a documentary ? i saw it ( which is forbidden in germany ) and i have to say , that it was the worst documentary i ' ve ever seen . it is nothing but one big lie from the beginning to the end . who can doubt after this trash that all jews were supposed to be killed in the concentration camps ?
0 this film is hardly good , not great at all . a few memorable scenes and the unlucky choice of pairing norma jean with an actual actress . jane russell has it all working for her , marilyn ' s lesser woman and / or actress . one can only wonder why this is considered being one of the highlights of her lame career . 3 / 10
1 rudy does it again with this hot off the streets follow up to dolemite . this entry is filled with the requisite rudy ray moore raunch , humor and martial arts . rudy eludes a crazy red - neck sheriff in this movie that also features an infamous scene where rudy dives down a steep hill . see it for laughs and for a brain - blasting hit of blaxploitation magic .
1 tom and butch cat fight over the capture of jerry mouse because the one who doesn ' t catch jerry gets kicked out . the two cats dress in their master ' s clothing to disguise themselves and lets the other have it ! confused , tom and butch whack their master ' s rear and all three of them get kicked out .
0 this film , the alamo : thirteen days to glory , is utter rubbish . the acting is awful , it is far too patriotic and its historical accuracy is not always at its best ( historians would have a field day ) . it does have a few good moments but not enough to keep interest because it is far too long . rating * out of * * * * * * * * * * .
0 the best thing about this movie was , uh , well , i can ' t think of anything . this was bad . the script was especially bad . the technical concepts were bad . the " suspenseful " plot was bad . the dialog was bad . avoid at all costs . do not rent . do not watch . you ' ll be sorry .
1 as far as horror flicks go , this one is pretty darn good . while it may not be a classic tale of horror and suspense , it does provide many quality chuckles that make this movie a must see if you ' re into the horror / comedy genre .
1 such energy and vitality . you just can ' t go wrong with busby berkley films and this certainly must be his best . of course the choreography is wonderful , but also the banter between cagney and blondell is so colorful and such a delight . don ' t miss this one .
1 i have to say i quite enjoyed soldier . russell was very good as this trained psychopath rediscovering his humanity . very watchable and nowhere near as bad as i ' d been led to believe . yes it has problems but provides its share of entertainment .
1 i ' m a huge fan of the twin sisters . although this was one of their " not soo good " movies . i ' m not saying it ' s bad , i can ' t say it ' s bad , but this whole popular and not popular thingy isn ' t good . although i give this movie a 4 .
1 this is one of the best films we watched in my high school spanish class . if you are a fan of the opera , this film will strongly entertain you . of course , the dancing is wonderful . watching these amazing dancers moving to the music of bizet is well worth checking out .
1 this is one of the best jodie foster movies out there and largely ignored due to the general public ' s misconception of it as a teen flick . it has wonderful performances , particularly a fight scene between jodie and her mother , played by a convincing sally kellerman . the three girls that play jodie ' s friends are somewhat amateurish but i do think it is worth seeing .
1 this is a really interesting film . it ' s the first time i have seen the relationship between an older woman and a younger guy on screen without it being sensationalist . for the director of notting hill this is a bold move to something serious
1 with the current trend of gross out humor , this film is the granddaddy of them all . while some of the humor is dated , every skit will either shock , repulse , or make you laugh out loud . most memorable is the sex games commentary and , of course , the vd commercial . it doesn ' t always work , but pays off when it does . i give this a 7 .
1 excellent film . the whole picture was filmed in budapest , so i feel proud . my little problem was that the trains in the film belonged to the hungarian state railways ( mav ) , and it is plain to see that they were used in big train , not in the local railway - according to the story chikatilo picked up his victims in local railway stations . apart from this , the film is superb .
1 sogo ishii has taken the old myth of musashibo benkei and stood it on its head to produce a dark , gory , spellbinding and terrific - looking movie . those unfamiliar with the legend won ' t need to be ; the story explains itself nicely as it goes along . well worth seeking out even though there are no english - language home video versions .
1 i saw " a page of madness " in a silent film course at wesleyan university and it haunts me still after 25 years . truly ahead of its time - perhaps even still - this gem of a film reveals both the frightening and attractive aspects of madness .
1 a mix of comedy , romance , music ( ? ! ) , action and horror . a knockout . this is one of the reasons people rave about hong kong cinema . if you ' re looking for something totally original , look no further . entertainment at it ' s peak .
1 i think the weighted average for this film is too low . i give it a 7 . very entertaining , although over the top in a few places . my wife says it passes the danielle steele test . superb performances throughout , particularly by andie macdowell .
0 this movie had some andrenaline kickers , but it ' s an old story that simply could never happen . navy protocols could never break down that much that a crew much less an xo could ever go that far against the captain . i ' ll take dr . strangelove any day if i wish to see this plot . sidenote - - the us navy did not support this film .
1 this movie made me very happy . it ' s impossible not to love the smart and sweet orphan girl who changes the heart of a selfish lawyer only interested in pursuing success in her career . this is a very optimistic movie and i sincerely believe that we need more films like curly sue . it touched my heart .
1 enterprise is the entertainment , but it is also the forefront of science fiction and a positive outlook for tomorrow . with gratitude and respect mr . berman and mr . braga . i wish you well , thank you both for your service to trek . < br / > < br / > enterprise is what trek is about . . .
0 this is the worst movie i have seen for years ! it starts ridicoulus and continues in the same way . i thnik when is something going to happen in this film , , , , and the the acting is worse . the ending lifts it a bit and saves the movie from a total flop . mark wahlberg is a bad actor in a bad movie . sorry tim burton batman was good but this one sucks .
0 poor paul mercurio . after landing the role of scott hastings in strictly ballroom , the best film in history , he managed to find himself doing a lot of rubbish . none of the characters in this film is very unlikable , or even hateable , but mercurio ' s lead is the sort of person you prefer to ignore - completely unloveable and he wears overalls . big mistake in costume design , that one .
1 any true wrestling fan would have to consider this wrestlemania to be one of , if not the best of all time . it was packed with excitement and surprises . one of the greatest matches of all time was between shawn michaels and steve austin with special guest ref mike tyson . the show that michaels put on was unbelievable , especially considering the shape that his back was in and that this was his last match .
1 world at war is perhaps the greatest documentary series of all time . the historical research is virtually flawless . even after a quarter century , it is the most accurate and definitive documentary about ww2 . an invaluable historical work that includes interviews with some of the most important and fascinating figures from the war . i highly recommend it as a learning experience .
1 this unsung quiet gem tells the true story of a pow escape during ww ii . the performances are incredible , especially anthony steele . the movie works on many different levels : cerebral , emotional , visual , and literal . the dialogue is ingenious and rings very true . in fact , an unusual all - around authenticity puts this one head - and - shoulders above most war epics .
0 oh , man ! this thing scared the heck out of me when i first watched it . . . and i was sixteen ! ! ! < br / > < br / > that creepy animated barbie is scary as hell ! i want to stop talking about her now .
1 very interesting and moving documentary about the world trade center tragedy on 11th september 2001 . the main theme of it is the heroism of american fire - fighters who tried to rescue as many people as they could . the film is deeply emotional and rather disturbing - many people seen on screen have lost their lives ! recommended .
1 one of disney ' s best films that i can enjoy watching often . you may easily guess the outcome , but who cares ? its just plain fun escape for 1 hour forty - two minutes . and after all wasn ' t movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway ? the cast sparkles with delight . - magictrain
0 play mystery theater 3000 at home with your friends ! rent this movie for the laughs ! the acting is poor , the sounds is terrible and the fights are ridiculously unbelievable . i thought the movie was a joke until i looked it up on imbd . i can ' t wait to rent the sequel , china o ' brien ii .
1 so you think a talking parrot is not your cup of tea huh ? well , think again . paulie is a wonderful film filled with touching moments . the characters are all lovable especially paulie as he enters the lives of many people on his journey . it is journey worth experiencing . don ' t miss it ! it is available on home video .
0 first one was much better , i had enjoyed it a lot . this one has not even produced a smile . the idea was showing how deep down can human kind fall , but in reference to the characters not the film - maker .
0 impenetrable rubbish . this has to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen . the dialogue is ghastly , the horror effects are laughable . the only thing that kept me watching was the ever - splendid and totally underrated michael cule .
1 a great storyline with a message . joan plowright is superb as " phoebe " , mike kopsa is hilarious as " coach " and richard de klerk plays the role of " carmine " superbly . mischa barton as " frankie " puts in a good performance and ingrid as " hazel " plays her first lead extremely well . this film is superbly directed by jo - beth williams . the editing is first rate .
0 a pointless movie with nothing but gratuitous violence . the only fun i had was playing " spot the location " , as much of it was filmed in my home town of regina , saskatchewan . i like to support locally produced films but this one was a major disappointment .
1 this has to be the funniest stand up comedy i have ever seen . eddie izzard is a genius , he picks in brits , americans and everyone in between . his style is completely natural and completely hilarious . i doubt that anyone could sit through this and not laugh their a * * off . watch , enjoy , it ' s funny .
1 good historical drama which is very educational and also very entertaining to people who like history . very good acting and script . not as sensual and sexy as it is sometimes marketed , be prepared to peek into the pioneer spirit and human ability to adjust . very touching as well for the spiritually mature . not for people who do not like to think . . . . . .
1 being the prototype of the classical errol flynn adventure movie and having a good story as well as two more brilliant co - stars in maureen o ' hara ( what an exquisite beauty ! ) and anthony quinn , i can only recommend this movie to all those having even the slightest liking for romance and adventure . < br / > < br / > hollywood at its best !
0 faith domergue ( better known as " dr . ruth " in this island earth ) is the only reason to watch this film . the story is very thin , and once the air force buddies return to the states with a cobra curse upon them the action is just a waiting game . see faith the snake woman and try to pretend the rest isn ' t happening .
1 love it , love it , love it ! this is another absolutely superb performance from the divine miss m . from the beginning to the end , this is one big treat ! don ' t rent it - buy it now !
1 for long time i haven ' t seen such a good fantasy movie , magic fights here are even better than in lotr , even considering that it ' s a 1987 movie and haven ' t computer special effects . this movie have good plot , good acting and interesting ideas . recommend everybody to see it .
0 billy crystal normally brings the crowd to laughter , but in this movie he and all the rest of them cannot bring any smile on my face . . . . or perhaps just one . they call it comedy , i say it ' s a waste of my time .
1 i first saw " breaking glass " in 1980 , and thought that it would be one of the " movie classics " . this film is a great look into the music industry with a great cast of performers . this is one film that should be in the collection of everyone and any one that wants to get into the music industry . i can ' t wait for it to be available on dvd .
1 i first saw this film about 11 years ago when my former college accounting professor recommended it to me . i was amazed that a movie from 1968 could so coherently and hilariously portray computer crime . maggie smith is delightful and ustinov plays the " retro hacker " perfectly . " o nolo mio " ! ! ! ! !
1 just watched the film for the 3rd time and enjoyed lindsay crouse and the rest of the cast just as much as before . it just keeps getting better and better . you simply have to marvel at the carefully measured way of speech , the slow deliberate action , everything being exactly in place . < br / > < br / > truly one of the great ones and definitely my all - time favourite ! ! !
1 my favorite part of this film was the old man ' s attempt to cure his neighbor ' s ills by putting the strong medicine in his bath . there is more than a sense of family , there is a sense of community .
1 this has to be the all time best computer animation classic . even though most of the animations where experiments . they have an artistic quality that has stood the test of time . twelve years after it ' s release , i have gone back to watch this video and found some inspiration for new types of computer graphics . some of the techniques used in this video have never been full explored .
1 the story centers around barry mckenzie who must go to england if he wishes to claim his inheritance . being about the grossest aussie shearer ever to set foot outside this great nation of ours there is something of a culture clash and much fun and games ensue . the songs of barry mckenzie ( barry crocker ) are highlights .
1 . . . about the importance of being young , having friends , and most of all enjoying life . through the experience of four friends , ligabue shows to the audience how life was back in the 70 ' s in a small italian village . the four carachters represent the four different aspects of human behavior ; also the drug experience is well represented .
1 i have been looking for this movie for so many years . i saw this move when i was nine and loved this movie . i called disney all the movie stores and the net . no luck . what a waste it was a very good movie . it will be missed : (
0 the omega code was a model of cinematographical inconsistency . there was a bit ( but precious little ) of good acting , primarily by the two prophets and rostenberg , who only appeared once and had no lines . otherwise the acting was decidedly bad . the plot line was rather weak , and only partially based on already questionable biblical interpretation . certainly not one of the year ' s best .
1 julie waters is outstanding and adrian pasdar a revelation in a very warm , very real , and extraordinarily entertaining look at the complications gender dysphoria and transvestism cause in a young executive ' s life . at the heart of this movie is the very real truth that you must accept yourself before you can hope for others to accept you .
1 what can i say ? an action and allegorical tale which has just about everything . basically a coming of age tale about a young boy who is thrust into a position of having to save the world . . . . . and more . he meets a dazzling array of heroes and villains , and has quite a time telling them apart . a definite must - see .
0 there ' s one line that makes it worth to rent for angel fans . everyone else : this is just a very bad horror flick . the female characters are typical horror movies females . they are wooden , annoying and dumb . you are glad when they are killed off . long live the strong female character in a horror movie ! !
1 this movie was pretty good . the acting was great , and there were some really great actors in it like , buchholz and roger moore . this film is full of surprises . confusing at times . . . yes , but the twists and turns of the plot always keeps you in suspense . the only thing that this movie had too much of was exploding cars .
1 maybe one of the most entertaining ninja - movies ever made . a hard - hitting action movie with lots of gore and slow motion ( eehaaa ! ) . made in ´83 and still the greatest swedish action movie made so far ! and we can hardly wait to see the upcoming sequel , ninja mission 2000 - the legacy of markov !
0 i regret that i ' ve seen this movie . can ' t believe that the creator of best intentions and pelle the conqueror could make such a bleak and boring film . what a waste !
1 this is one the few movies i can watch over and over . if you ' ve never seen it , give it a shot . richard dreyfus and raoul julia are wonderful together and although the movie amuses me greatly , it reminds me of julia ' s untimely demise . it is a good opportunity to sit back and laugh at the international intrigue that is too much with us in these time of terror and fear .
0 bad movie . it´s too complicated for young children and too childish for grown - ups . i just saw it because i´m a robin williams fan and i was very disappointed . (
1 although the beginning of the movie in new york takes too long , the movie is a must see for people who like this genre . when hannah goes to berlin to visit the older woman who helped her mother during the war , the movie gets much much better . the movie is a bit like the pianist , can not really be compared .
1 this film had my heart pounding . the acting was great , the erotic music and the beautiful women add up to make this one a winner . the lead actress decides to join an escort service when she realizes that her husband has no time for her . she step ' s into a whole new world her first client being another woman . this is a film you definitely don ' t want to pass up .
0 this movie may be the worst movie i have ever seen . basically it is right above leprachaun 5 , the only difference is that it missing ice t . the scene where he does the chick with the carrott . . . priceless . oh yeah they made a second one , genius
0 this movie was way too slow and predictable . i wish i could say more but i can ' t . if you enjoy action / adventure films , this is not one to see . i ' d suggest you go see movies like ; behind enemy lines with owen wilson and iron eagle with louis gossett jr .
1 great battle finale and nice sets help keep this often - slow movie enjoyable . at times it had me checking my watch , although there were enough memorable moments to make the film stand out in my mind days after watching it . the ending should surprise even those familiar with the nibelungen story line .
1 paul & grace hartman are my husbands grandparents . they were both deceased when we met so watching old movies is a good way to see them and their work . i have always enjoyed old movies and was very happy to discover that this was also a very good one .
0 the idea had potential , but the movie was poorly scripted , poorly acted , poorly shot and poorly edited . there are lots of production flaws . . . for example , dr . lane ' s daughter who never ages despite the passing years . wait for video , but don ' t expect much .
0 photography was too jumpy to follow . dark scenes hard to see . < br / > < br / > had good story line too bad it got lost somewhere . too noisy for what was really happening bottom line is it ' s a baddddd movie
1 i don ' t believe this was an acting challenge for richard harris . this was an uncomplicated plot , yet interesting . it is a good movie to watch when you don ' t want to do a lot of thinking , just want to be told a simple story . the canadian scenery was breathtaking . the beautiful fall shots alone made the picture worth seeing .
1 this movie had it all , action , comedy , heroics , and best of all some of the finest actors . gunga din will remain a classic to be enjoyed by all who like good movies . excellent picture , i have it in my collection .
0 when it comes to movies , i am generally easily entertained and not very critical , but must say that this movie was one big flop from the start . i gave it 30 minutes and then rewound it . what a waste of some great talent ! i was very disappointed with this movie , as it was not what i expected .
0 jamie foxx is fun but this movie has been done before . the bad guy plays a " malkovichian " character from " in the line of fire " . the cops will do anything to find the bad guy - and of course the good guy has two sets of bad guys and one set of cops after him - all the while he is just trying to turn over a new leaf . . .
1 gung ho tries to express many ideas and entertain us with a wiseguy comedy at the same time . the result is uneven , but generally entertaining . keaton balances all three aspects of his lead character quite well . wantabedde is even better . one warning : george wendt is very poor in his supporting role . otherwise , this is quite enjoyable time capsule .
0 not good ! rent or buy the original ! watch this only if someone has a gun to your head and then . . . . maybe . < br / > < br / > it is like claiming an elvis actor is as good as the real king .
1 there ' s never a dull moment in this movie . wonderful visuals , good actors , and a classical story of the fight of good and evil . mostly very funny , sometimes even scary . a true classic , a movie everybody should see .
0 leonard maltin compared this film to a mel brooks comedy . he was far too kind to ms . rivers , and far too cruel to mr . brooks . not even the raunchiest mel brooks films are this tasteless , and at least they ' re genuinely funny . this picture deserves a place on the hundred - worst list .
1 this movie is the best movie ever it has a lot of live action it ' s just great everyone should watch it and the actor are great the location is rome italy thats the best place ever the actors are great mary - kate olsen is such a great actress she plays charlie and thats a great character and ashley olsen play leila and thats a great character to love when in rome love it .
1 i saw this film on television years ago , but here several years after , i wake up in the morning , and still remember her face . < br / > < br / > this film is the most profoundly terrifying film i have seen .
1 surely one of the mysteries of the modern world ! ! - this film is not considered to be within the top 100 films of all time ? ? ? ? < br / > < br / > if you watched this film and thought it was anything other than wonderful please let me know how ? - al pacino ' s performance is as good as it gets !
0 dreadful acting . a thinly veiled attempt to slam those on the left side of the aisle . < br / > < br / > women are subjugated and revolve around men . tom selleck shows his acting range from a to b .
1 this movie is perfect for families to watch together . it is a great film and it deserves more credit . the special effects are stunning and spectacular . everyone who has children should share this with theirs .
0 outrageously trashy karate / horror thriller with loads of graphically gory violence and gratuitous nudity , and a thoroughly preposterous and bizarre " plot " . this is lowbrow and low - grade entertainment that will appeal only to viewers with particularly kinky tastes , but it ' s kind of cheerfully bad and i must admit that i wasn ' t actually bored while watching it . . . . ( * 1 / 2 )
0 this thing was bad . really bad . i mean , low budget can sometimes be very inspiring , but not this . the story was so off - the - shelf , the alien ' s behaviour so illogical , the characters so clicheed . i found nothing good in it . and i did try .
0 as much as i love rodney dangerfield , this was a terrible movie . the plot was kind of a holistic rip off of various movies , but unfortunately they forgot to rip off any good jokes . in addition it was annoying and boring and that ' s being kind . if you ' re looking for a good laugh , rent a copy of private parts .
1 . . . is just as good as the original . very nearly achieves greatness because of cundieff ' s remarkable ear for music and dialogue . skewers the self - important swagger of the hip - hop poseurs . the group " niggaz with hats " ( nwh ) are every rap group you ever heard and utterly self - parodic . wardrobe is unbelievable . buy the oop soundtrack if you can .
0 as interesting as a sheet of cardboard , this dispensable period piece has little going for it . it ' s overly wordy and fails spectacularly to evoke the tension and fear that the real - life characters must have felt as they dodged the french revolution ' s fickle hand of justice . eric rohmer at 82 ? it shows .
0 dolph lundgren stars as murray wilson an alcoholic ex - cop who gets involved with a serial killer who kills during sex , after his brother is murdered , wilson starts his own investigation and finds out a lot of his brother ' s secrets in this very dull thriller . lundgren mails in his performance and the movie is flat and lethargic . also when has anyone watched a dolph lundgren movie for anything but action ?
0 this rather formulaic swords and flying fists movie is a decent early display of john woo ' s talents . the cinematography is excellent and some of the sword work is truly remarkable . unfortunately the film labours under the burden of a dull story and a glaringly low budget ( check some of the setbound fight scenes if you doubt me ) . nonetheless , it ' s worth seeing , especially if you can catch in letterboxed .
0 this film is horrible . bad acting , bad writing , bad music . it ' s just horrible . not only is it incredibly misrepresentative of role - playing games , but the key elements of the film are poorly executed . may the god i don ' t believe in have mercy on the souls of the miserable wretches who conceived and gave birth to this abomination .
0 the first one was different and funny . this attempt should have never left the studio . this movie does not make you laugh . it is a weak attempt at gross out humor . the movie picks out current and old movies to rip - off . this time the jokes seem used and overdone . the audience that i saw it with only re - acted to hannibal dinner scene and was otherwise asleep .
1 good sequel to murder in a small town . in this one cash and his police lt . buddy unravel a sticky plot involving a nazi criminal , a philanthropic witch , and a family of screw - ups and their wierdo helpers . as in the original , the viewer is treated to a nice little mystery with distinctive sights and sounds of pre - war america . go see it .
1 this movie was very good because it remember when i was young when i maked snow castle . it was so fun . this movie is interessant . this is a good quebeker movie with no much money and is also a magical movie because their wonderfull castle is very big and beautiful .
0 i think it ' s a great movie ! ! it ' s fun , maybe a little unrealistic , but fun and dramatic ! ! i would like to see it again , if they were showing it in tv ! ! just 1 question : are we still talking about the same movie ? ? ?
0 this crew - versus - monsta has been done a hundred times , sometimes better . this one was pretty slow - moving ; only the monster ' s resurrection was really worthwhile . attempts at character developments gets botched by routine . yeah , " routine " is the word . went straight to video in france . no wonder
0 this is supposed to be well - researched and based on fact . how come therefore that it ' s so packed with mcgovernisms . did the people of derry live in some kind of bizarre philip k . dick world in which reality was uncannily like cracker / liam / priest ? or is mcgovern an idle hack who just keeps repeating hims
0 i watched this film for 45 minutes and counted 9 mullets . that ' s a mullet every 5 minutes . seriously though , this film is living proof that formula works . if it ain ' t broke , it don ' t need fixin . a streetwise - yet - vulnerable heroine , a hardened ex - cop martial arts master with a heart of gold and a serial killer with ' issues ' . pure magic .
1 one of the best ensemble acted films i ' ve ever seen . there isn ' t much to the plot , but the acting - incredible . you see the characters change ever so subtly , undr the influence of the rented villa in italy , and love . and happiness . the film casts a mesmerizing spell on you , much as the villa does on all the women . truly " enchanted " .
1 this version of the charles dickens novel features george c scott as the scrooge . fine casting , especially the choice of scott , who plays the role to the hilt . . a fine cast supports him in the very good adaption . a modern day holiday classic on a scale of one to ten . . 9
0 the only saving grace of this movie is that it serves as the 0 end of the movie rating scale . now if i see a movie that really stinks i say this movie was a real pecker . i believe this movie is a perfect example of christina ricci ' s one dimensional acting . horrible
0 i had high expectations for this movie and was excited about renting it but was very disappointed when i saw it . it was very poorly written and sort of just fell apart . there wasn ' t a lot of good anything in this movie except maybe special effects .
1 wow , finally jim carrey has returned from the died . this movie had me laughing and crying . it also sends a message that we should all know and learn from . jeniffer aniston was great , she will finally have a hit movie under her belt . if you liked liar liar you will love this movie . i give it 9 / 10 .
0 hobgoblins is a very cheap and badly done gremlins rip - off . that ' s the best thing one can say about this stinkpile . pretty much everyone in the cast was chosen for their looks and not their acting ability . it was very painful to watch . < br / > < br / > avoid this one at all costs .
0 only children below the age of 12 should be allowed to see this film . the rest of us should take a book , mp3 player , or just take a nice nap to endure the experience of this event . this can be best summed up as a " blown - up " tv movie being distributed into theaters . children will want to see this film , and they will like and be amused by the movie .
0 did anybody succeed in getting in this movie ? < br / > < br / > it ' s a total mess to me : a vague historical / sentimental context instead of a plot , a pretentious imagery as mise en scene and it lasts two hours ! < br / > < br / > shame on those who wasted money here .
1 indian summer is a good film . it made me feel good and i thought the cast was exceptional . how about sam raimi playing the camp buffoon . i thought his scenes were very funny in a buster keaton - like performance . solid directing and nice cinematography .
1 i just saw the movie on tv . i really enjoyed it . i like a good mystery . and this one had me guessing up to the end . sean connery did a good job . i would recomend it to a friend .
0 long on action and stunt work , but so short on character delineation and development that it failed to hold our interest . not always easy to figure out which side a character is on and who ' s doing what to whom .
1 in black mask , jet li plays a bio - engineered super - killer turned pacifist , who has to fight against other super - killers . bad plot , bad sfx ( 60 million dollar budget ) , but the fighting scenes were excellent ! jet li is the greatest martial - arts star alive !
1 this is an absolute great show . jessica alba , besides being the most beautiful women in the world , is a great actress . she does a great job of portraying max , and i could never see anyone else doing that role . she is definitely one of a kind and absolutely gorgeous .
0 wow , a movie about nyc politics seemingly written by someone who has never set foot in nyc . you know there ' s a problem when at one moment you expect the credits to roll and the movie continues on for another half hour . the characters are boring , john cusack ' s accent is laughable , and the plotline teeters between boring and laughable . a horrible movie .
1 this movie for what it is , may be one of the most amazing indie films of recent day . made on a super small budget , the film has special effects that blow away alot of the current films ! if you have a chance watch it !
1 verry classic plot but a verry fun horror movie for home movie party really gore in the second part this movie proves that you can make something fun with a small budget . i hope that the director will make another one
1 this film is worth seeing alone for jared harris ' outstanding portrayal of john lennon . it doesn ' t matter that harris doesn ' t exactly resemble lennon ; his mannerisms , expressions , posture , accent and attitude are pure lennon . best scene : lennon in a local cafe verbally sparring with a stuttering fan as to whether paul mccartney & wings ' " silly love songs " is worthy of # 1 status in america .
0 < br / > < br / > i watched this movie just a little while ago and i found that this movie was terrible ! it moved very slowly and was hardly entertaining ! < br / > < br / > sorry for all those that liked it . . . . this is only my opinion !
0 i didn ' t mind the film that much , but it was incredibly dull and boring . a few laughs here and there but nothing to go crazy for . < br / > < br / > you should give it a go if you like silly , stupid humour because this is the film for you .
0 this film features two of my favorite guilty pleasures . sure , the effects are laughable , the story confused , but just watching hasselhoff in his knight rider days is always fun . i especially like the old hotel they used to shoot this in , it added to what little suspense was mustered . give it a 3 .
1 this is another gem of a stand up show from eddie izzard . you cannot fail to laugh at the wide range of topics he talks about . he even takes the piss out of his american audiance at times and most of them didnt even realise it ! a must see for anybody who likes comedians . 9 out of 10 .
0 what happens when an army of wetbacks , towelheads , and godless eastern european commies gather their forces south of the border ? gary busey kicks their butts , of course . another laughable example of reagan - era cultural fallout , bulletproof wastes a decent supporting cast headed by l q jones and thalmus rasulala .
1 i thought this had the right blend of character , plot , futuristic stuff and special effects without going over board . it will take a while to get going , but the acting was good and i was intrigued by the angel who is not to hard to look at . i like the attitude too ! certainly not like other attempts at futuristic stories .
0 cheesy script , cheesy one - liners . timothy hutton ' s performance a " little " over the top . david duchovny still seemed to be stuck in his fox mulder mode . no chemistry with his large - lipped female co - star . he needs gillian anderson to shine . he does not seem to have any talent of his own .
1 this movie is brilliant . the comments made before is from someone who obviously doesn ' t get it . the movie is campy - yes ! but it is uplifting and fun . this movie is an underground hit and brings comparisons to absolutely fabulous . it is a must see !
1 one of the most frightening game experiences ever that will make you keep the lights on next to your bed . great storyline with a romantic , horrific , and ironic plot . fans of the original resident evil will be in for a surprise of a returning character ! not to mention that the voice - acting have drastically improved over the previous of the series . don ' t miss out on the best of the series .
1 before i watched this tv movie i did not know much about one of my favorite actresses . after watching it , i realized how sad lucille ball ' s life really was . it had it ' s great moments too , but i didn ' t realize how sad it was . this movie was very good and told the story of the beloved lucille ball very well . i highly reccommend it .
1 stumbling upon this hbo special late one night , i was absolutely taken by this attractive british " executive transvestite . " i have never laughed so hard over european history or any of the other completely worthwhile point eddie izzard made . i laughed so much that i woke up my mother sleeping at the other end of the house . . .
1 this is the best movie i ' ve seen since white and the best romantic comedy i ' ve seen since the hairdresser ' s husband . an emotive , beautiful masterwork from kenneth branagh and helena bonham carter . it is a tragedy this movie hasn ' t gotten more recognition .
1 surely one of the best british films ever made , if not one of the best films ever made anywhere . script , cinematography , direction and acting in a class on their own . this film works on so many levels . so why is it completely unavailable on tape , dvd . never shown on tv ? why is it hidden away when it is regularly shown at the national film theatre in london to packed houses ?
1 if you love the thin man series , you will love this movie . powell ' s character of vance is very similar to his character of nick charles . there are even dogs . . . < br / > < br / > the chemistry between powell and astor may not be as fabulous as powell and loy , but it isn ' t half bad .
1 this movie can be described in those 2 words " just unbelievable " . this is the best movie ever made , i just cant see why this movie isnt in the top 250 . i also can ' t see why anybody would not love scarface . anyways , if you havnt seen it , it is a must buy .
1 eddie izzard is genius with his non - stop humor . i could listen all day . his unique approach to life is quite logical . his understanding of discovery ( such as the heimlich maneuver ) is creative . eddie izzard captures the heart of what we think . i don ' t know when i laughed so hard at anyone ' s off - beat mind .
0 christopher lee is one of my favorite actors ! i ' m trying to view all of his work . he has been known to single - handedly save movies with his presence . unfortunately , this is not one of them . this movie suffers from a low budget and it ' s production values are disturbing . please . . . for the love of christopher . . . . avoid this film !
0 very disappointing film . by the end i no longer cared for any of the characters . i did enjoy seeing ving rhames in a very small part , and william macy was good as always , still not worth watching . it starts out strong and just keeps getting weaker and weaker . insomniacs will like it as i am sure it will put them to sleep .
1 i watched this film over a hundred times . it is really best serbian movie made ever . i wood like to recommend this movie to everyone . it is very good comedy . i surely like it ! ! ! !
1 this movie was incredible . i would recommend it to anyone , much better than what i had already anticipated . it was definitely a heart - wrenching spectacular movie . it is an amazing story , with amazing actors and creators . definitely another great movie with denzel washington . ( shouldn ' t surprise anyone ) derek luke did a wonderful job as well .
1 first it was jack the ripper , now it is alan feinstone . the crazy dentist tortures people in horrific ways . quite realistic at times but some of the acting is abysmal and comical . especially from corbin bernson . in some scenes there is dental torture that will really make you cringe .
0 this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen . the plot is awful , and the acting is worse . the jokes that are attempted absolutley suck . don ' t bother to waste your time on a dumb movie such as this . and if for some reason that you do want to see this movie , don ' t watch it with your parents .
1 to quote flik , that was my reaction exactly : wow . . . you ' re perfect ! this is the best movie ! i think i can even say it ' s become my favorite movie ever , even . wow . i tell you what , wow .
1 this is a lot of silliness about a woman from london who marries a tea planter from ceylon whom she barely knows . it ' s full of cliches , and the liz taylor character is not believable . it has a marvelous set , some exotic location footage . it shows taylor at the height of her beauty . she looks stunning .
1 i found the storyline in this movie to be very interesting . best of all it left out the usual sex and violence ( they ' re getting old ) inserted in many movies . the movie was well done in its flashbacks to days gone by in that area of the southwest . the acting was also superb .
1 excellent . gritty and true portrayal of pioneer ranch life on the western plains with an emphasis on the woman ' s role and place . a moving film , lovingly made , and based on real people and their actual experiences . low budget , independent film ; never made any money . definitely not the romanticized , unrealistic hollywood version of pioneer life .
1 i enjoyed watching this well acted movie very much ! it was well acted , particularly by actress helen hunt and actors steven weber and jeff fahey . it was a very interesting movie , filled with drama and suspense , from the beginning to the very end . i reccomend that everyone take the time to watch this made for television movie , it is excellent and has great acting ! !
0 the banner says it all , this is one really bad movie , which is sad because i normally like sheffer , and i have been impressed with andrea roth in other roles . this , however , is terrible . i wont waste any more time . . . its just that bad .
1 surely one the french films of the decade so far , a taut , atmospheric thriller making full use of the lead characters hearing impediment to use sound in a way rarely explored in cinema . emannuelle devos gives a truly stunning , multi - faceted performance , at times devious and manipulative , at other times open and vulnerable . another reason why those who appreciate quality cinema should keep their eyes open for offerings from france .
0 since i had loved the inspector gadget cartoon in the 80 ' s , i went to see this movie . i wasted my money . the plot was very thin . also , the movie could not keep me interested for long . i was glad it was over . < br / > < br / > if you want to see inspector gadget , watch the cartoon instead . it was much better than the movie .
0 i checked this movie out based on a favorable review on this page . it is slow moving and the payoff is a four star dud . . the only mystery here is how oscar® winner f . murray abraham got involved with such a lousy script !
1 chances are uses that marvelous song by the same name throughout the film . robert downey , jr . is excellent in this movie . his extra large eyes and wonderfully variable facial expressions are part of expertise in acting as different people in diverse films . compare robert downey , jr . in chaplin . you will enjoy chances are . i did .
0 this film is mediocre at best . angie harmon is as funny as a bag of hammers . her bitchy demeanor from " law and order " carries over in a failed attempt at comedy . charlie sheen is the only one to come out unscathed in this horrible anti - comedy . the only positive thing to come out of this mess is charlie and denise ' s marriage . hopefully that effort produces better results .
0 really , it ' s nothing much . i only recommend watching it if ; 1 . ) you ' re a big fan of any of the main stars . 2 . ) if you really want to check out the first time lucille ball was seen with red hair . < br / > < br / > 4 out of 10 stars
0 i can ' t believe they got the actors and actresses of that caliber to do this movie . that ' s all i ' ve got to say - the movie speaks for itself ! !
1 simon ' s best comedy is superbly crafted by director gene saks and given life by the immense talents of lemmon and matthau . no one delivers these lines better . no one times them better . nobody does it better .
1 basic meaning of the story is a reality . cruel true reality . situations are very funny . you have to laugh when you see , how people can be stupid , obstinate and crazy . the best description will be , if you watch it on your own .
0 in the lost son , a private eye searching for a missing man stumbles upon a child prostitution ring . this film incorporates all of the worst stereotypes you could imagine in a worst - case scenario that exists only in the minds of hollywood , the press and ag john asscrap . if you get a chance to see this , you ' d be better off getting lost yourself .
1 john candy ' s performance in once upon a crime is possibly his best ever . it ' s been my favourite movie since it came out . i spent 5 years searching for it . that ' s how good it is . if you disagree , well , that ' s your opinion . enjoy the movie .
0 if you haven ' t seen this , it ' s terrible . it is pure trash . i saw this about 17 years ago , and i ' m still screwed up from it .
1 a solid , if unremarkable film . matthau , as einstein , was wonderful . my favorite part , and the only thing that would make me go out of my way to see this again , was the wonderful scene with the physicists playing badmitton , i loved the sweaters and the conversation while they waited for robbins to retrieve the birdie .
1 ok , even if you can ' t stand liza - this movie is truly hilarious ! the scenes with john gielgud make up for liza . one of the true romantic comedy classics from the 20th century . dudley moore makes being drunk and irresponsible look cute and amusing and it is damn fun to watch ! the one - liners are the best .
1 witty and disgusting . brash and intelligent . baseketball redefines comedy / sports with a pot spoof of an easy target . makes other so called comedies like dead boring . one of the best of all time ! trey parker and matt stone play their roles as losers with apt perfection .
1 and look how a true story , " . . . with a little help of it ' s friends . . . " : a welldone and touching script , a good directing and a surprising great acting from a bunch of " no - name " actors , especially from the 4 - yr - old jodelle ferland , becomes a must seen movie . 9 / 10
0 this has an interesting , albeit somewhat fanciful sci - fi plot , but it ' s wasted with poor direction and shlocky special effects . rae dawn chong is appealing , despite the lack of a believable story and direction consistent with her talent .
0 bad actors , terrible script , totally unbelievable ending - this film had it all . after seeing films like this , you wonder why the makers bothered at all . this film has absolutely nothing to say , all the methods used to create a scare have been used over and over again in previous horror films . a total waste of time .
0 this woman never stops talking throughout the movie . she memorized every line , and delivered all without a bit of natural emotion . she also has a most uncharming lisp , and the pitch of her voice sounds like nails on a blackboard . this film has way too much betsy drake , and not enough cary grant , who carried what little was left of the film entirely on his own .
1 this movie is just too funny , a totally non - pc gangster romp . if mel brooks made a picture about the mob in the 30 ' s , it would probably look like this . too many great one - liners to to remember , and while its not for everyone , anyone who doesnt laugh a whole bunch of times doesnt have a pulse . so , put it on and laugh you iceholes ! ! !
0 what starts out as an interesting story quickly disintegrates into nothing . don ' t bother watching to the end hoping for an explanation of what is stalking the visitors , there is no ending . no explanation , no resolution , zip . this could have been a good movie it they had purchased an entire script .
0 i have seen a lot of bad movies with big actors in it . but this movie was terrible . i have yet to see why people thought it was funny . the idea behind it is stupid . plus all the things that are supposed to be funny are just dumb . why anyone would want to watch this more than once just baffles me !
0 this is the movie that i use to judge all other bad movies , and so far there hasn ' t been anything close . < br / > < br / > the only good thing i can say is that after watching this i know that i have seen the worst movie i will ever see .
1 i liked solino very much . it is a very heart - rending story of an italian family moving to germany . and it ' s an story about brotherly love , hope and disappointment . and the film is never boring . go and see solino !
1 enjoyable and watchable . tim meadows at his best . a big boost from billy dee williams . he and a very funny john witherspoon provide a solid foundation for mr . meadows ' riffing . have fun with this one .
0 after eight moto films the series had run its course , as this last entry demonstrates . peter lorre was clearly weary of trying to pump some sort of human interest and entertainment value into the wispy character of moto , and the dreadful idea of pairing him with a " funny " british sidekick utterly defeats all his efforts here .
0 probably the worst film i ' ve ever seen , the acting and story were terrible and i almost fell asleep . the only good actor was colm meaney . i had the impression to see the same scenes again and again until the end , no emotion , no charisma . . . nothing !
1 absolutely stunning , warmth for the head and the heart . the kind of movie western movie makers are too rushed , too frenetic to even attempt . my kids watched it , and they loved it too . what real people - - goes to show you how cultural differences ( the japanese setting ) is less important than the human similarities . go see it , whether you like dancing or not .
1 this is a ' sleeper ' . it defines nicholas cage . the plot is intricate and totally absorbing . the ending will blow you away . < br / > < br / > see it whenever you have the opportunity .
1 never when i was a child did i love any movie more then this one . i would love to own it . i watched it every sunday they played it on the family film festival . it is an enjoyable film suitable for the whole family and the songs are wonderful .
1 i , as a teenager really enjoyed this movie ! mary kate and ashley worked great together and everyone seemed so at ease . i thought the movie plot was very good and hope everyone else enjoys it to ! be sure and rent it ! ! also they had some great soccer scenes for all those soccer players ! : )
0 much worse than the original . it was actually * painful * to sit through , and it barely held my six year old ' s interest . < br / > < br / > introduction of some new pokemon is marginally interesting , but storyline is extra - thin , dialogue is still bad , and music is mediocre . watch the television show instead - it ' s much better .
1 this movie is an incredible piece of work . it explores every nook and cranny of the human mind , focusing on the characters relationships with the people around them . stellar performances all around . this one had me weeping for about half an hour straight . spend some real time with this one .
1 ok , so it ' s not a masterpiece like the godfather , but it doesn ' t have to be . the only purpose this movie has is to make the viewer laugh several times . if it can make the viewer laugh a bunch of times , it has accomplished its purpose . i laughed out loud and left with a smile . i feel like i got my money ' s worth .
1 this film was excellent , i thought that the original one was quiet mediocre . this one however got all the ingredients , a factory 1970 hemi challenger with 4 speed transmission that really shows that mother mopar knew how to build the best muscle cars ! i was in chrysler heaven every time kowalski floored that big block hemi , and he sure did that a lot : )
1 found this one in the video store and rented it . it ' s one of those quirky , quasi - comedies that ' s more interesting and weird than funny . it ' s a good one at that . it reminds me a lot of being john malkovich . if you enjoyed that movie you will most likely enjoy this one .
1 this movie shows us once again , how genius the japanese directors are and were . this movie could be seen as a sort of a " silent - movie tetsuo " . well eisenstein . . . : )
1 i saw the movie before i read the michelle magorian book and i enjoyed both . the movie , more than the book , made me come close to tears on several occasions . this film touches the deepest points of the human soul and never lets go . i encourage as many people to watch this masterpiece as much and as soon as possible . i give it ten stars .
0 . . . . this movie basks too much in its own innocence . it doesn ' t tell a story ; it ' s more a big time snooze fest . while the actors are all personable , the story is so trite and goes nowhere . i think victor rasuk has great charisma , but deserves a real film from a real storyteller .
1 i gave this movie a 10 because it needed to be rewarded for its scary elements and actors and my god the enging ! the thing is i don ' t want to tell anyone anything about the acting or story because it will ruin the movie . but i will recommend that you go straight to your nearest moviestore right now and rent it ! ( don ' t forget popcorn ! )
1 there are few really hilarious films about science fiction but this one will knock your sox off . the lead martian ' s jack nicholson take - off is side - splitting . the plot has a very clever twist that has be seen to be enjoyed . this is a movie with heart and excellent acting by all . make some popcorn and have a great evening .
1 great acting , great movie . if you are thinking of building see this movie first . the dollar amounts may have changed but everything else is the same . the humor is true to life and emotions are those that anyone who has built has felt .
0 the first half of the film is ok , the second half one of the most tedious experiences imaginable . quite possibly the most overrated movie of all time . " pulp fiction " was robbed for " best picture . " this is one of those films that people feel required to love because the main character is " slow . "
0 i just watched this movie . in one word : sucky ! the story is bad , the acting is , if possible , even worse . the movie has one or two nice moments , but thats it and having those two small good moments , doesn ' t make up for anything in between , before or after those moments . a montrocity of a movie , not even worth watching on tv . . .
1 this is the best sci - fi that i have seen in my 29 years of watching sci - fi . i also believe that dark angel will become a cult favorite . the action is great but jessica alba is the best and most gorgeous star on tv today .
1 this movie is outrageous , funny , ribald , sophisticated & hits the bullseye where 99 % of hollywood movies don ' t even make the target . paul bartel should be recognized as one of the great directors of this or any era . he ' s the american renoir & bunuel _ combined ! ! ! glad i have the videodisc .
1 elvira mistress of the dark is one of my fav movies , it has every thing you would want in a film , like great one liners , sexy star and a outrageous story ! if you have not seen it , you are missing out on one of the greatest films made . i can ' t wait till her new movie comes out !
1 of course , the story line for this movie isn ' t the best , but the dances are wonderful . this story line is different from other astaire - rogers movies in that neither one is " chasing " the other . the dancing of fred and ginger is what makes this movie .
0 it was a sunday night and i was waiting for the advertised movie on tv . they said it was a comedy ! the movie started , 10 minutes passed , after that 30 minutes and i didn ' t laugh not even once . the fact is that the movie ended and i didn ' t get even on echance to laugh . please , someone tickle me , i lost 90 minutes for nothing .
1 i admit it ' s very silly , but i ' ve practically memorized the damn thing ! it holds a lot of good childhood memories for me ( my brother and i saw it opening day ) and i have respect for any movie with fnm on the soundtrack .
1 i found this film to funny from the start . john waters use of characters reminded of some of the down to earth characters from fellini films . christina ricci has once again expanded her abilities in this film . if you are looking for a fun movie without preaching , i recommend this film .
1 i cannot believe how unknown this movie is , it was absolutely incredible . the ending alone has stuck with me for almost thirty years . the road sign through the rearveiw mirror blew me away . if you liked " race with the devil " you will love this movie
1 the movie was sub - par , but this television pilot delivers a great springboard into what has become a sci - fi fans ideal program . the actors deliver and the special effects ( for a television series ) are spectacular . having an intelligent interesting script doesn ' t hurt either . < br / > < br / > stargate sg1 is currently one of my favorite programs .
0 this stalk and slash turkey manages to bring nothing new to an increasingly stale genre . a masked killer stalks young , pert girls and slaughters them in a variety of gruesome ways , none of which are particularly inventive . < br / > < br / > it ' s not scary , it ' s not clever , and it ' s not funny . so what was the point of it ?
0 kalifornia is disturbing . i believe there is no reason for this story to be told . it is neither entertaining nor does it have social value . technically , the movie is very well make , the performances are top rate and first class . the story develops in an intriguing way that holds interest . but at the end this movie sickens and is abhorrent to decency . i recommend kalifornia to no one .
1 the color purple is a masterpiece . it displays the amazing acting abilities of whoopi goldberg , oprah winfrey , and danny glover . not only is steven spielberg the most incredible director of all time but his versatility shines through in this film . if you ever want to see what a movie can do watch this . it ' s a beautiful portrayal of one of the most moving stories of all time !
0 this was a big disappointment for me . i think this is the worst mastroianni - movie ever made . cosmatos tries too hard to make this movie a masterpiece and that makes this movie a typical " art " - movie . i give 4 / 10 for this movie .
0 aside from the horrendous acting and the ridiculous and ludicrous plot , this movie wasn ' t too bad . unfortunately , that doesn ' t leave much movie not to suck . do not waste your time on this film , even if you find yourself suffering from insomnia , as i did . watch an infomercial instead .
0 time travel is a fun concept , and this film gives it a different slant . i got a kick out of captain billingham , one of the more down - to - earth characters , who was just not having a good day . ordinarily , i don ' t choose to watch horror films , but this is an exception . good story , excellent acting .
0 gwyneth paltrow is absolutely great in this movie , but the story is , unfortunately , half - baked , and david schwimmer ' s energy is sort of like cold mush . when he closes his mouth and gets serious for a moment or two there is a rush of what - might - have - been . who thought 25 - year - old kiddies would be entertaining ?
1 its not braveheart ( thankfully ) , but it is fine entertainment with engaging characters and good acting all around . i enjoyed this film when it was released and upon viewing it again last week , find it has held up well over time . not a classic film , but a very fine and watchable movie to enjoy as great entertainment .
1 a very refreshing story , the life of a parrot with an intellect higher than an average human ' s . shows humans from a bird ' s point of view . especially liked the portrayal of different types of characters that the bird spends time with . not all birds are bird - brained . . .
1 perhaps the funniest ' backstage at hollywood ' movie ever , especially for a look at comedy short factories like keystone . < br / > < br / > marion davies should get a medal for bravery for taking a part where acting poorly in front of a camera is part of the role . plenty of cameos for film buffs .
1 a nicely done thriller with plenty of sex in it . i saw it on late night tv . there are two hardcore stars in it , lauen montgomery and venus . thankfully , gabriella hall has just a small part .
0 i have a feeling that dr . dolittle was intended for an audience composed entirely of children . i think i would have had a better time if i sat at home and watched a sit - com . my favorite characters in the movie were the pet hamster and the two alley mice .
1 < br / > < br / > this movie is full of references . like " mad max ii " , " the wild one " and many others . the ladybug´s face it´s a clear reference ( or tribute ) to peter lorre . this movie is a masterpiece . we´ll talk much more about in the future .
0 another wonderful patterson book made into an incredibly awful movie . if the big budget movies don ' t work then why make a low budget made for t . v . movie that ' s 10 times worse ! i am desperate for a good movie that will do one of his books justice !
1 mario ' s first foray into the world of 3 - dimensions is incredible . miyamoto ' s masterpiece was reason enough to buy a nintendo 64 when it was released in 1996 and it still holds all of it ' s charm today . this game is an instant classic that set the standard for 3d adventure / platform games .
1 i think that this movie is very neat . you eithier like michael jackson or you don ' t , but if you like him then you have to see this movie . i think that it is a very neat film with great song play and good imagination . not to mention the film center piece smooth criminal which has some of the best dancing you will every see .
1 this film captures the true struggle with identity that is ongoing in our teenage years . it is really moving and it feels strangely like a documentary - not contrived but very real . it is very interesting and unsettling
1 i ' m a fan of crash and blade runner and this movie explores some of those highway death and 80s film noir themes that i like to see , so i enjoyed it . < br / > < br / > in general though , the essential stupidity of the film noir protagonist is not pulled off well by the female lead and her hero is nearly a neanderthal , hence the kitch warning .
1 camp with a capital c . think of mask and the ace ventura movies - - then multiply by 100 . this laugh - a - minute entertainer takes schlock to the level of high art . david dhawan is a genius and govinda is beyond description . see it over and over again . i insist .
0 " ally mcbeal " was a decent enough show , but it was very overrated . the characters become boring after a while and the jokes begin to fall short . < br / > < br / > i think it chose an appropriate point in time to leave - it was starting to outstay its welcome .
0 this su * k ! why do they have to make movies that they must know su * k from the beginning ? i mean , look at alien from 1977 . if the movie you´r about to make is not better than anything made billions of years before , why make it ? i had problems with the plot and who the main character was . that ' s not good either .
1 what can i add that the previous comments haven ' t already said . this is a great film and the light sabre duel star wars tribute has to be seen to be believed ! ! there are moments of genius throughout this movie , if you can , see it now ! thanks again to rick baker who gave me this movie many years ago !
1 it ' s really annoying when good movies like this one go unnoticed . but i ' m glad i did not miss it . < br / > < br / > they should re - release it with a lot more publicity . i do not think they did anything to promote it . great work paxton . < br / > < br / >
1 the first time you see the second renaissance it may look boring . look at it at least twice and definitely watch part 2 . it will change your view of the matrix . are the human people the ones who started the war ? is ai a bad thing ?
1 michael is king . this film contains some of the best stuff mike has ever done . smooth criminal is pure genius . the cameos are wonderful , but as always , the main event is mj himself . he is the best , hands down .
1 i ' ve always enjoyed seeing chuck norris in film . although the acting may not be superb , the fight scenes are fantastic . i also enjoyed seeing judson mills perform along side him . in my opinion , the norris brothers have proven themselves to be fine entertainers and this was yet another fine production ! i hope you take the time to view this movie !
1 obviously , there wasn ' t a huge budget for this film which definitely hindered the production . but the story and ending were so brutal that they made up for a lot . i mean brutal on the level of ju dou and other ( great ) chinese films . i first saw this when i was 14 years old , i ran home and begged god to forgive me for everything . . .
1 what a surprise ; two outstanding performances by the lead actresses in this film . this is the best work busy phillips has ever done and the best from erika christensen since traffic . this film certainly should be in oscar contention . see this movie !
1 for those of you who love lord of the rings and love special effects , watch this movie ! this will be sure to keep you glued to the screen . you will probably even like it if you like watching people fight with magical stuff .
0 this movie was amazingly bad . i don ' t think i ' ve ever seen a movie where every attempt at humor failed as miserably . let ' s see . . . the acting was pathetic , the " special effects " where horrible , the plot non - existant . . . that pretty much sums up this movie . < br / > < br / >
1 what a good film ! made men is a great action movie with lots of twists and turns . james belushi is very good as an ex hood who has stolen 12 million from the boss who has to fend of the gangsters , hillbillies his wife and the local sheriff ( timothy dalton ) . you wont be disappointed , jump on board and enjoy the ride . 8 out of 10
0 this movie stinks . the stench resembles bad cowpies that sat in the sun too long . i can ' t believe that so many talented actors wasted their time making such a hopelessly awful film . whew !
0 i wanted to vote zero or lower . i loved the commentary . it is the worst movie ever made and ' unendurable ' is the perfect word for it , unless there is something worse that roget never thought of . i am also at a loss to think of anything negative enough to accurately describe bo derek . the best that could be said of her is , she ' s consistent .
1 my short comment for this flick is go pick it up . chances are you are going to be positively surprised by a diversity of elements superbly explored in this criminal thriller . there is no way the character of miklos , claiming and pushing for room in every way possible , wont push your nerves to the edge . . . 2 thumbs up !
0 this film is predictable ; it is more predictable then a vinnie testaverdi pass , when he huts the ball for the jets . one saw the ending coming up halfway through the film . the politics reminds me when i was back east . many people know when the fix is in . i gave this four because of the acting , but the story is lame .
0 written by the excellent mcgovern and directed by frears this film was a slight disappointment . it seemed too short . it spent far too long creating the hovis atmosphere , and laughing at the catholic demands . then very quickly you have the fascist and socialists vying for the family ' s attention , and the terrible conclusion . < br / > < br / > still my wife thought liam was cute .
1 as a study of the frailties of human nature in the context of old age , this film is without parallel . it is , quite simply , brilliant . full marks to everyone - from the scriptwriter to all involved in the finished product . you can only marvel at the perceptions inherent in the characterisation of the two ageing performers .
1 excellent movie , albeit slightly predictable . i have to comment on nicole kidmans acting in this movie . some of her other works haven ' t shown the amazing talent this woman has , but birthday girl doesn ' t suffer from this in the slightest . even without words kidmans acting shines through .
0 images are great and reflect well the landscapes of canada . the story was , on the other side , quite boring ; to my eyes it was a love story in the woods just like titanic was a love story on a boat . i did not feel that grey owl was great environmentalist . i usually like lord attenborough but this one was . . . bad .
0 too bad chuck norris has gone to tv . he made some good movies before he hit tv . this is a typical tv movie intended to pass the time . unfortunately it wastes chuck ' s talent as an actor . i hope he returns to the big screen some day .
0 taped this late night movie when i was in grade 11 , watched it on fast forward . i sugest you do the same . i though it would be and action film , but went to a cort tv type movie . in the end it fits in with the early 70 ' s social activest type films . glad i missed that era . 2 / 10
1 the pros of this film are the astonishing fighting scenes - absolutely incredible sword - moves and martial art show off . a true john woo masterpiece . the story tends to be a bit week though , but it never overshadows the overwhelming display of acrobatic martial art action . if you are into martial art movies , you are going to love this one !
0 this was a disappointing film . the people seem to have no substance , the lead protagonist martin cahil has zero redemptive values , in fact everyone in it including jon voight epitomizes sleeze . i would not recommend this film to anyone . the violence is distasteful , though artfully done . the filming is to black , at least the print i saw fit this category . a disappointment .
1 i find myself comparing all stand - up acts to this one performance now . even older recorded performances i once thought were funny just don ' t seem as funny after seeing eddie izzard in this award - winning look at history , language disparities , and englebert humperdink . . .
1 this schiffer guy is a real genius ! the movie is of excellent quality and both entertaining and educating . < br / > < br / > i didn ' t know what a weather girl was before i learned it here .
1 i love this movie ! beautifully funny and utterly believable characters . each scene richer and more wonderful than the last . every aspect of this movie is filled with wit and humour and love and depth . a complex and engrossing story , too . this movie is filled with love , humour , and intelligence . totally great !
1 i didn ' t expect much when i rented this movie and it blew me away . if you like good drama , good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them , you ' ll love this movie . < br / > < br / > engrossing !
1 this is a great film . touching and strong . the direction is without question breathless . good work to the team . i feel so sorry for marlene , by the grace of god go you or i
0 this is absolutely the worst trash i have ever seen . when i saw it in the theater ( arghhh ! ) , it took 15 full minutes before i realized that what i was seeing was the feature , not a sick joke !
1 sometimes i just want to laugh . don ' t you ? no analyzing , no critiquing and no looking for deeper meaning . rent this movie , watch it all and laugh your ass off . don ' t want to admit you liked it ? fine . but don ' t trash it here when you and i both know you liked it . it ' s damn funny !
1 this is a very enjoyable film with excellent actors and actresses evoking a range of emotions . it contains some really excellent humour which the whole family can enjoy . you get to know the characters quickly and experience their ups and downs . and , it ends very upbeat
1 what great locations . a visual challenge to all those who put their eye behind the lens . this little jewel is an amazing account of what you can shoot in just 16 days . good going folks ! . i can not wait to see what your next feature will be . i ' ll be with you all the way .
1 this was the funniest piece of film / tape i have ever witnessed , bar none . i laughed myself sick the first three times i watched it . i recommend it to everyone , with the warning that if they can ' t handle the f - sharps to stay far away . at his best when telling stories from a kids point of view .
0 autobiography of founder of zoo in nyc starts out by being very cute and would be great family movie if it stayed there . however we get more and more involved with reality as gorilla grows up to be a wild thing not easily amenable to his " mother ' s " wishes - this might scare younger children , esp . scenes where buddy tries to injure gertrude . rather quick resolution at the end . below average .
1 i agree with another user here and have to say that this is one of the best kung fu movies ever ! i watched this as a kid and absolutely loved it ! the scaffolding scenes are brilliant and you can really empathise with this guy because he is treated as an outcast . nice humour and fantastic kung fu this movie rocks ! if you like kung fu you would love this ! ! !
0 this is certainly the worst movie i ever saw ? the beginning is somewhat good , but the end ? i still don ' t even get it ! magical power , 300 years later , goddess , dancing what the f * * * is that about ? ? ? the acting is somewhat not so bad . . but some place i could do better for sure !
1 panic delivers the goods ten fold with oscar caliber performances from william h macy , neve campbell , and donald sutherland . in a movie about the choices we make and the consequences we live with . chillingly honest and thought provoking , panic is easily one of the best film to come out of hollywood in years . the impact stays with you right after you leave the theater .
0 this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen ! i saw it at the toronto film festival and totally regret wasting my time . completely unwatchable with no redeeming qualities whatsoever . < br / > < br / > steer clear .
1 how can you resist watching a film with some swing ? it ' s a delightful little film full of wonderful actors and a wonderful story line . too bad they don ' t tour out here . . . i ' d go see them . see it if for no other reason than to hear some good music .
1 this film is more about how children make sense of the world around them , and how they ( and we ) use myth to make sense of it all . i think it ' s been misperceived , everyone going in expecting a stalkfest won ' t enjoy it but if you want a deeper story , it ' s here . . . . . . .
0 keanu reeves stars as a friend of a popular high school student who suddenly commits suicide . . . he and his friends go through emotional turmoil and share their reactions to this horrible incident . . . good acting by reeves and a young jennifer rubin . . but on the whole is a little too much . . 4 of 10
1 this movie is just plain silly . almost every scene has some bit of humor : running gags , slapstick , and great jokes . the acting isn ' t that great , and the plot is cliche , but the jokes more than make up for that . if you have a chance to see this movie , i recommend that you do .
1 i can ' t remember many films where a bumbling idiot of a hero was so funny throughout . leslie cheung is such the antithesis of a hero that he ' s too dense to be seduced by a gorgeous vampire . . . i had the good luck to see it on a big screen , and to find a video to watch again and again . 9 / 10
1 kurosawa is a proved humanitarian . this movie is totally about people living in poverty . you will see nothing but angry in this movie . it makes you feel bad but still worth . all those who ' s too comfortable with materialization should spend 2 . 5 hours with this movie .
1 this film is fun , if your a person who likes a good campy feature film every now and then . by no means is this movie fine cinema , but if you dont take things too seriously , and can laugh at yourself once in a while , elvira is a good frownbuster .
0 not very interesting teen whodunit saved from being a turkey from some decent performances . the main cast consisting of taye diggs , mia kirshner , dominique swain and surprisingly meredith monroe are all good but the story is not very original .
0 slim slam slum is a sad and disappointing picture . there is absolutely no reason to this sorry excuse for a picture . don ` t go there , what ever you do , don ` t . watch tv - shop for 10 hours straight instead . that way you will be slightly amused .
0 i love watching jerry as much as the rest of the world , but this poor excuse for a soft - core porno flick is needlessly offensive , lacks anything resembling wit , and serves merely as a vehicle of self - promotion for springer . even though it runs a quick 90 minutes , the film drags hideously , and i should have had the common sense to walk out . simply atrocious .
1 this film has good characters with excellent performances from the cast . david strathairn is diabolically sincere as the child molesting salesman and danny vinson plays a perfect pussy - whipped southern husband . the slick soundtrack betrays the murder ballad tone of the film .
1 like another reviewer said , this movie is not a heavy melodrama , but it deals with harsh realities . a very very playful movie that does not dwell for a moment . some very good acting and some wonderful smiles as well .
0 i think the biggest disappointment in this film was that , right until the end , i expected the acting instructors of the cast to break in and apologize for how poor the acting was . when you consider the powerful subject , the brilliant scenery and the effort made in creating a wonderful set and spectacular images , it is a shame that little attention was given to acting . < br / > < br / >
1 what fun ! bucketfuls of good humor , terrific cast chemistry ( skelton / powell / lahr / o ' brien ) , dynamite dorsey - driven soundtrack ! miss powell ' s dance numbers have exceptional individual character and pizzazz . her most winning film appearance .
1 police story is arguably one of the best works by the master of action himself . compared to other action films , police story makes schwarzenegger and stallone look like beginners . the stunt scenes are well cheorgraphed and the action scenes are superb . if new line cinema has any sense , they would release this in theaters .
0 jim belushi is having a mid life crisis , nothing is going right , when his car goes out on him . . he goes into an empty bar where michael caine shows him what life wouldve been like if one event in high school had come out differently . . a good premise with some moments . . but mostly flat and uninteresting . on a scale of one to ten . . 3
1 this is a great story of family loyalty which , thankfully , doesn ' t resort to the usual tricks ( or at least the ones i ' m used to seeing in american and european films ) of supersentimentality or high dramatic tension . < br / > < br / > it ' s very watchable and very lovable . it has some beautiful cinematography , but doesn ' t rely on that alone to entertain .
0 one of the many vigilante epics that flooded the market by the mid - 80s . the routine plot has echoes of " the magnificent seven " ( believe it or not ) , the action scenes are lamely handled and the special effects are non - existent . you could do worse . . . . but the film is still just a waste of time . ( * 1 / 2 )
1 it ' s a good movie maybe i like it because it was filmed here in pr . the actors did a good performance and not only did the girls be girlish but they were good in fighting so it was awsome ! the guy is cute too so it ' s a good match if you want to the guy or the girls .
1 i do find it a bit overrated . maybe it ' s just because i ' ve never seen a subtitled version ( dubbing stinks ! ) , but i just don ' t get into it like a lot of other people do . the finale is really great though as jackie trashes a mall , a scene that plays in my head every time i go shopping !
1 this movie scared me so bad , i am easily scared though so its no big thing but this movie was scary and whoever wasnt scared by this movie , im surprised because everyone i know said it was scary , i hope everyone sees it , but dont see it with the lights off like i did . . . .
1 after a big tip of the hat to spinal tap , this movie is hilarious . anyone who grew up watching mtv will love it and if you didn ' t , rent it anyway , the " my peanuts " and " a gangster ' s life " videos are worth the three bucks alone .
1 this is an excellent film about a traditional working class family in northern england . filmed on location in bolton , it stars james mason as the father who is the dominant force within his home . or so it seems . cleverly , the film , based on the play , portrays the complexities of family life . the supporting cast is terrific as well , with many familiar faces lending support .
0 if you ' re in the mood for some dopey light entertainment , this will pass the time . if you expect one jot of plausibility , don ' t bother . to me , the dance scene looked like it was exaggerated for comic effect ; it didn ' t look especially hot or skilled .
1 i have seen this movie more than several times , on tv . i always watch it again . . . never turning the channel . this movie is full of chilling surprises , and absolutely edge - of - your - seat suspenseful , without being overbearing or stupid . helen hunt ' s talent is magnificently shown in this movie ! i recommend this movie to anyone ! ! !
1 very heart warming and uplifting movie . outstanding performance by alisan porter ( curly sue ) . i saw this movie when it was first released and enjoyed it immensely . i just caught it again on the mplex channel , and curly sue touched my heart again .
1 i like the good and evil battle . i liked eddie in this movie better than any movie he has ever done . he wasn ' t the smart , cocky , know it all he usually plays . he shows heart and a more humble humor . the fact that it shows there are stranger things in heaven and on earth than we can think of gives me hope .
1 this movie is one of the masterpieces from mr . antonioni . it is about youth , distraction , happiness , alienation , materialism , honor , corruption . and it is like everything else from great italian director - true art . < br / > < br / >
0 this norwegian movie is so crap , the actors can not act cause they seems to be reading from a book and the story is so ( wannabe ) hollywood . . the only actor who did a ok job was haavard lilleheie . . 3 / 10 if you want a really good norwegian movie watch buddy , great actors and a feelgood story 9 / 10
0 shallow , shallow script . . . stilted acting . . . the shadows of boom mikes lingering over the actors ' heads in scenes . . . worth watching because kate mulgrew plays the most selfish mother in tv movie history and it ' s all before ben affleck got his teeth capped .
1 a lovely little b picture with all the usual joe lewis touches . . . . people ripping up pillows and auras of lurking fear . also , alas , an ending that comes out of nowhere , because , apparently , the auteur has lost interest in the movie , or perhaps because as a b picture it has to fit into a slot .
0 once in a while , a movie will sweep along that stuns you , draws you in , awes you , and , in the end , leaves you with a renewed belief in the human race from the artistry form . this is not it . this is an action movie that lacks convincing action . it stinks . rent something else .
0 this movie makes a promising start and then gets very confused and muddled . kamal hasan has made a lot of effort in getting the period look right , pity he did not spend more time on the plot . most of the small characters in the movie show up for no particular reason . < br / > < br / > overall very disappointing , i would recommend avoiding this movie .
0 nine minutes of psychedelic , pulsating , often symmetric abstract images , are enough to drive anyone crazy . i did spot a full - frame eye at the start , and later some birds silhouetted against other colors . it was just not my cup of tea . it ' s about 8½ minutes too long .
1 if you are tired of films trying too hard to be fairy tales ( the " pretty woman " variety love story ) , here is a beautiful film in which a japanese businessman is pulled free from his robotic , dispassionate life when he falls in love . . . with dancing . wonderfully drawn characters bring to life a story that is at once deeply funny and poignantly moving .
0 easily the worst movie i have ever seen in my life . direction : none . story : pathetic . screenplay : that will be a good idea . there is a lot of gratuitous graphics , all of pathetic quality . preserve your sanity , dont ever see this movie !
1 i was initially dubious about this movie ( merely because of the subject ) , but the richly drawn characters , the fabulous scenes of the buffalo hunt , and the dramatic conclusion make it well - worth watching . i initially had trouble distinguishing between the two buffalo hunters but as the movie progressed they increasingly distinguished themselves . i am still haunted by the final scene .
1 " tulip " is on the " australian all shorts " video from " tribe first rites " showcasing the talents of first time directors . < br / > < br / > i wish more scripts had such excellent dialogue . < br / > < br / > i hope rachel griffiths has more stories to tell , she does it so well .
1 this is by far the funniest short made by the two comic geniuses . from the time they walk in , to the time hardy just falls off the roof , this keeps me laughing hysterically . i highly suggest that every fan of laurel and hardy should see this short . i also recommend all of the ghost series . if you are looking for laughs , see this movie and you will be happy .
0 this is another example of a sucky sequel to a great movie . i highly recommend the prophecy , but this movie was a dud from the start . the acting was decent all the way around , but the story line was weak and added nothing to the origional . a 4 out of 10 at best .
1 the arch title doesn ' t fit this gentle romantic comedy . donna reed and tom drake don ' t have much chemistry - - but their characters aren ' t supposed to . both are extremely likable and attractive . < br / > < br / > the supporting cast is a dream - - with the exception of sig ruman ' s annoying faux russian .
1 eddie izzard is a one - in - a - million comic genius . he goes from squirrels to wwii to stonehenge to religion to englebert humperdink and it ' s absolutely hilarious and it all makes sense ! get a copy of this now , you won ' t regret it ! i give this an 11 out of 10 .
0 i gave this a 1 . there are so many plot twists that you can never be sure to root for . total mayhem . everyone gets killed or nearly so . i am tired of cross hairs and changing views . i cannot give the plot away . convoluted and insane . if i had paid to see this i would demand my money back . i wish reviews were more honest .
1 well the story is a little hard to follow the first time , but that ' s only because of all the bare breasted ' 70s painted - up vampire / witches dancing to the bongo drums . this of course interrupted by a few vampiric orgies . and there are some very interesting candles and uses for them . and for girl on girl action , vampiric or not . . . this movie just rocks ! ! !
1 i really enjoyed this movie . typically ron howard who seems to like being associated with michael keaton . love the scene when hunt travels to japan with his sales pitch . whoa , how did that get in there ! cheap laughs but great value
0 this is the only movie that my wife and i have ever walked out on . totally sucked . we saw it in omaha even . not funny at all , looks like a 14 year old kid wrote the humor . i can ' t believe these real politicians were actually in the movie . awful .
0 i bought this dvd after seeing it highly ranked here . it ' s just a short 20 minutes zombie film . nothing special about it except for the music perhaps . < br / > < br / > don ' t buy it ! not even really worth spending 20 minutes to see it . only if you ' re really bored . . .
0 i understand there was some conflict between leigh and the great maggie smith during the filming . understandable when you put one of the world ' s greatest actresses of all time ( smith , of course ) with one whose performances seem to get worse with each subsequent film .
1 this is just a short comment but i stumbled onto this movie by chance and i loved it . the acting is great , the story is simple and touching , and the lines , especially from the 4 - yr - old desi , are so cute and sad . seek it out .
1 this is not the stuff of soap - operas but the sort of conundrums that real people face in real life . a testament to the ensemble and director for the powerful story - telling of fallible characters trying to cope but not quite succeeding .
1 this film is scary because you can find yourself relating to ideas they have and can recall other people saying and having simialr ideas make this a haunting well done movie . . . . the camra style is not shakey to point it draws you out of film like blair witch it only adds to the raw " real " feeling of the film that makes it .
0 i saw this movie in a theater in chicago and should have enjoyed it , since i love nemesis but if the first half an hour is skillfully done , the rest is just sub - predator video fodder , a long chase through those post - modern empty factories pyun affectionnates . my girlfriend fell asleep . i still like pyun though , but not this
0 this movie tries to hard to be something that it ' s not . . . . a good movie . it wants you to be fooled from begining to end , but fails . from when it starts to get interesting it falls apart and you ' re just hoping the ending gives you some clue of just what is going on but it didn ' t . < br / > < br / >
0 most definitely the worst columbo ever dreamt up . no murder and the abandonment of the tried and tested formula makes this a real drag . falk looks bored throughout and so will you be if you waste anytime watching this .
1 after losing his cattle herd to a dishonest lawman , a trail boss winds up in the yukon gold fields with a bad reputation and small chances of being able to return to the states . while there his fortunes take a turn for the best until a bad luck specter from the past comes calling . good western with many favorite old faces in the lineup .
0 < br / > < br / > what an absolutely crappy film this is . how or why this movie was made and what the hell billy bob thornton and charlize theron were doing signing up for this mediocre waste of time is beyond me . strong advise for anyone sitting down to catch a flick : do not waste your time on this ' film ' .
1 that kid a is such a babe ; this movie was no titan a . e . ( of which it is in many ways modeled after ) but still came off as entertaining , the fact this lost to a piece of monkey crap like tomb raider makes wanna cry ; includes some of the most entertaining characters i ' ve seen in disney film
1 when this first came out 6 months after the tragedy , i didn ' t want to see it . i didn ' t want to open old wounds . i regretted it . now i have seen the movie . thank god i did . it shows you the bravery of all the fdny and nypd . i salute you . it offered me closure . i can now move on with my life .
1 until i saw this special on hbo , i had never heard of eddie izzard . i sure am glad that i have now ! he is one of the funniest comedians i have ever seen ! rarely has a comedian immersed himself so completely in his craft then eddie . i could not stop laughing for the entire show . if you like to laugh you have to see this special !
1 rosalind russell executes a power - house performance as rosie lord , a very wealthy woman with greedy heirs . with an auntie mame - type character , this actress can never go wrong . her very - real terror at being in an insane assylum is a wonderful piece of acting . everyone should watch this .
0 the bad out takes from " reign of fire " strung together , without any real story . < br / > < br / > dean cain tries to be a real actor , and fails again . < br / > < br / > in the end the dragons quit in disgust . < br / > < br / > barf !
1 frustrating to watch because of one man ' s stubbornness to leave his native country for the dream land in switzerland and what he does to achieve that creates heartache for all those involved . along the journey he encounters scumbags who take advantage of other human suffering and desperation .
1 just the ultimate masterpiece in my opinion . every line , every phrase , every picture is exactly in place and lindsay crouse and joe mantegna are just the cool shrink and the sleazy con - man , so well cast . 10 out of 10 !
0 i have seen a lot of movies . . . this is the first one i ever walked out of the theater on . don ' t even bother renting it . this is about as boring a soap opera as one can see . . . at least you don ' t have to pay to watch a soap opera , though .
1 this is a great film ! ! the first time i saw it i thought it was absorbing from start to finish and i still do now . i may not have seen the play , but even if i had it wouldn ' t stop me thinking that the film is just as good .
1 i have seen this film on countless occasions , and thoroughly enjoyed it each time . this is mostly due to the lovely erika eleniak - a great actress with incredible looks . plus , any film starring tom berenger and dennis hopper is bound to be entertaining .
1 a fine western , following the fate of those who possess the prize winning gun , a winchester ' 73 . it has a great cast who give superb cliche characterisations with help from the usual effective story telling direction from mann .
1 this is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . if you know the real world and the people from those shows , this movie will be top notch , if you have never seen the real world you will still think it is an extremely funny movie but you won ' t get some of the inside jokes about the actors and the tv show .
0 it feels like swedish movies are trying to become more american and i just don´t get it . in this movie the performance of some of the actors is horrible and the script is nothing special . don´t waste your time !
1 cracking good yarn with all the actors giving great value . michael curtiz at his best . lots of nice twists and turns and probably the best of the philo vance series . william powell looks wonderfully relaxed and at his debonair best . a forerunner to the thin man series . recommend to everyone . did you figure it all out ?
1 a delightful if somewhat predictable tv movie , though i admit a little bias - - as far as i ' m concered , the more gene wilder in this world the better . i ' d love to see numerous additional movies detailing the adventures of larry " cash " carter !
0 while watching this piece of crap ! the day after , i saw a 1min trailer - that one minute included all , all what was at least not boring to watch . . . < br / > < br / > so don ' t waste money or time on this one , get the original , it ' s much better though the effects might not be up to date . . .
1 i think it ' s one of the greatest movies which are ever made , and i ' ve seen many . . . the book is better , but it ' s still a very good movie !
1 this movie is totally wicked ! it ' s really great to see mjh in a different role than her sabrina character ! the plot is totally cool , and the characters are excellently written . definitely one of the best movies ! !
1 the film adaptation of james joyce ' s ulysses is excellent . the actors , the voice overs , the direction , it all captures the feel of the novel without sacrificing its own merits . the milo o ' shea does an excellent job as leopold bloom , the cuckolded man married to the sassy molly . i absolutely love this picture .
0 this was a horrible film ! i gave it 2 points , one for angelina jolie and a second one for the beautiful porsche in the beginning . . . other than that the story just plain sucked and cars racing through cities wasn ' t so new in 1970 . the happyend was probably what annoyed me the most , seldomly seen anything so constructed !
1 this film , i thought , was the great journey that forrest gump should have been . it ' s a rare treat to watch a cable movie in the middle of the day and come across a foreign film that is done so well . this film is very well acted , and i strongly suggest it to anyone who can take sub - titles .
0 certainly one of the dozen or so worst movies ever released in any form , featuring a bizarrely abominable performance by rain joan of arc phoenix ( river ' s sister , inevitably ) , as bonanza jellybean plus inconceivably awful voiceover narration by tom robbins , the author of the novel , which had / retains its peculiar sweet / loopy charms .
1 < br / > < br / > one of the best films i ' ve ever seen . robert duvall ' s performance was excellent and outstanding . he did a wonderful job of making a character really come to life . his character was so convincing , it made me almost think i were in the theater watching it live , i give it 5 stars .
0 there was a reasonably good looking girl starring the film ( zoe mclellan ) but even her looks couldn ' t stop me from voting it the lowest possible - one . < br / > < br / > the plot is bad and irrational . < br / > < br / > what more can i say . the movie sucks .
1 this film has renewed my interest in french cinema . the story is enchanting , the acting is flawless and audrey tautou is absolutely beautiful . i imagine that we will be seeing a lot more of her in the states after her upcoming role in amelie .
1 i thought this was an excellent and very honest portrayal of paralysis and racism . this movie never panders to the audience and never gets predictable . the acting was top - notch and the movie reminded me of " one flew over the cuckoo ' s nest " .
1 i saw this film by chance on the small box . it has a fantastic and chilling scene about poisonous gas . a lot about fanatical patriotism . a bit of eroticism . i can ' t believe it ' s still waiting for 5 votes ! !
1 this movie does a great job of explaining the problems that we faced and the fears that we had before we put man into space . as a history of space flight , it is still used today in classrooms that can get one of the rare prints of it . disney has shown it on " vault disney " and i wish they would do so again .
1 when i first saw this movie , i thought it was the typical " love thy neighbour " stuff . . . . the more the movie was going on , the more i got involved . acting is magnificent from both actors , direction was great , the story unusual . cried my eyes off , first time in my life for a movie . a real must have in any serious videoteque . 11 out of 10
1 if you know the story of grey owl , you ' ll love the movie ! annie galipeau is a great actress , and pierce is better than never in grey owl . but in this movie there ' s no real scene of action . i think this movie should be nominated at the oscars ! welll go see this movie , it ' s a classic !
0 characters you don ' t care about , relationships you don ' t care about and you sit through all that to see the ending you knew was coming from the start . julia roberts usually leaves no impression on me one way or the other . she was actually somewhat endearing in this role .
0 this movie is not for the faint or weak of heart . it couldn ' t decide if it was going to be porn or legit . it was neither one . it was just bad . there was nothing in this movie to make me want to see anything else made by these people again .
1 although i gave a rating of " 9 " , my expectations were higher than what the film delivered . i would have been happier had there been more deep diving since i am a diver myself , but it was supposed to portray the life of carl brashear and that ' s what it was about . this film made me angry in the beginning , but happy in the end .
1 this movie is jackie ' s best . i still cant get enough of watching some of his best stunts ever . i also like the bad guys in this movie ( the old man looks like a chinese version of john howard ) . unlike some of jackie ' s other work , this movie has also got a great story line and i recommend it to all of jackie ' s fans .
0 a very attractive and capable cast is lost in this deadly boring rehash of the slasher sub - genre . the plot a simply a collection of cliches and set - pieces that we ' ve all seen a hundred times before . has great potential as an insomnia treatment .
1 i couldn ' t agree more with the other comment , it ' s like falling down . peter weller is ok and william hurt great as always , except in lost in space . this is a good movie . with pretty good performances . very recommendable . if you like falling down you ' re going to enjoy this one . 8 of 10
0 i and a friend rented this movie . we both found the movie soundtrack and production techniques to be lagging . the movie ' s plot appeared to drag on throughout with little surprise in the ending . we both agreed that the movie could have been compressed into roughly an hour giving it more suspense and moving plot .
1 a charming little film set in the uk about the reunion of a wwii all girl ( almost ) swing band . a fine cast of oldsters bring lighthearted perspectives on life to this fun tale with an award winning performance by dench and laine ' s always great " pipes " . time well spent and a fun watch for all .
1 a bit slow and boring , the tale of an old man and his wife living a delapidated building and interacting with a fixed cast of characters like the mailman , the brothers sitting on the porch , the wealthy cigar smoking man . the photography of the river is marvelous , as is the interior period decoration . if you like decoration of banana republic stores , this is a must .
0 i am very disappointed with this movie because i like these french actors and i liked " buffet froid " from this director ( bertrand blier ) but the script of " les acteurs " is very poor . why these actors they agreed to play this poor scenario .
1 this film has special effects which for it ' s time are very impressive . some if it is easily explainable with the scenes played backwards but the overlay of moving images on an object on film is surprisingly well done given that this film was made more than 94 years ago .
1 one of the best ( if not the best ) stephen king ' s screenings . dark as dark can be , surprising non - hollywood ending , terrifying atmosphere , amazing book adaptation , outstanding cast , educational ( don ' t play with afterlife ) , in short - everything an excellent horror should be . . . < br / > < br / > my favorite horror movie , straight 10 + .
1 i bought the video rather late in my collecting and probably would have saved a lot of money if i bought it earlier . it invariably supersedes anything else on those " cosmo ' s moon " nights . cher and olympia certainly deserve their awards but this is really a flawless ensemble performance of a superb screenplay . what ? you don ' t know what a " cosmo ' s moon " is ?
0 this third pokemon movie is too abstract for younger kids to follow and too repetitious to entertain older kids . the message of the film - - about dealing with loss - - is subverted by the return of the young girl ' s father during the film ' s credits . team rocket provide some amusement , but they ' re not really part of the small plot , so they don ' t appear very often .
0 the worst movie in the history of cinema . i don ' t know if it was trying to be funny or sad , poignant or droll , but the end result was unwatchable . everyone from key grip , to robin williams , and back down to best boy should be ashamed to be a part of this film !
1 i like this movie much , it ' s special type of humor by ondricek and machacek . . . i think it ' s better then samotari ( loners ) . . maybe it ' s difficult to understand when you are not czech . if you are not watching that movie , just enjoy it , don ' t mind about anything else . . just relax ! !
1 this movie is the next segment in the pokemon movies which supplies everything on hopes and dreams of a pokemon warrior named ash ketchim and his friends . they go out and they look battle and run into new pokemon and take on new adventures with pikachu and other pokemon favorites . this adventure takes on with a new pokemon called celebi a time pokemon . go join ash brock and misty to find all sorts of new things !
1 good show , very entertaining . good marshal arts acting . good story plot . the entire main crew did a nice job from robert urich , to chuck , norris , jennifer tung , and especially a big hand to judson mills . an especially fine tribute to robert urich , in his latter days . a great ! actor who will be truly missed .
1 anyone who does not find this movie funny , does not understand simple comedy . this movie is not a complex comedy , it is full of one liners , and sight gags , and will make anyone who wants to laugh , laugh . . . the alien who is doing a nicholson impression will crack you up !
0 people love the original story for its ending . the hollywood style ending made this 99 version of ' a dog of flanders ' just for kids movie . i didn ' t cry this time because the story was too hollywood . japanese tv series are much better .
0 ludicrous violations of the most basic security regs are only the beginning . it ' s hard to see how they achieved such abysmal trash on such a low budget . i turned it off once , then got curious to see if it could get any worse . it did .
0 it ' s the worst movie i ' ve ever seen . the action is so unclear , work of cameras is so poor , actors are so affected . . . and this lamentable 5 minutes of arnie on the screen . my advice from the bottom of my heart - don ' t watch it unless you like such a low class torture .
1 the little girl desi is so adorable . . . i cant think of a more beautiful story then this one here . it will make you cry , laugh , and believe . knowing that this was based on a true story just made me gasp and it also made me realize that there are nice people out there . great cast and an overall great movie .
1 i have to tell you , this is a great movie . it surprises me sometimes how good a movie with no pretenses can be . this one is just fabulous . it could be that it isn ' t trying too hard to send any kind of message ; it just tells a whimsical , fun story . i gave it a 10 out of 10 .
1 what can i say ? an excellent end to an excellent series ! it never quite got the exposure it deserved in asia , but by far , the best cop show with the best writing and the best cast on televison . ever ! the end of a great era . sorry to see you go . . .
0 who in the world told harrison ford that this was a good role for him ? ? ? < br / > < br / > and josh hartnett . . . how does a 19 year old who can ' t fire a gun become a cop ? over used cliches plus zero character development and about 15 pointless music industry cameos equal a surprisingly bad film ! ! !
0 why ? why did they make this movie ? if timothy olyphant wasn ' t shirtless in it several times , there would be absolutely no reason to watch this movie , ever . um . . . plot ? nope . well - defined characters ? nope . the only time i laughed was when my boyfriend made fun of the whole she - bang . p . s . andy dick ? nope .
0 being s club seven , the film already boosts an ecstatic atmosphere ! but seriously , oprah has a point when claiming : " don ' t go there , girl ! " spice world suddenly doesn ' t seem to be all that bad . . . i take my money elsewhere !
1 very good drama about a young girl who attempts to unravel a series of horrible crimes . she enlists the aid of a police cadet , and they begin running down a series of clues which lead to a traveling carny worker with a long police record . an ending which is guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat .
0 bad movie - saw it at the tiff and the movie gives me a sense of ' been there done that ' - it reminds me alot of the movie blow - expect the blow was actually interesting . < br / > < br / > this one story told two ways and both times it is not told that well . < br / > < br / >
1 it is a great movie if you have ever named your cars or are really into old , fast , or exotic cars . it has a plot and a lot of action . the car scenes are great except for the totally fake car jump scene . all of the other scenes are great . i really enjoyed it and i hope everyone else does as well .
0 perhaps not my genre but plot was horrible as was acting by nancy allen and linda farentino . c . thomas also seemed uncomfortable in role of being seduced here ( while on marijuana ? why did this need to be included ? this weakened plot considerably ) . also farentino ' s charac . would have been better had she had more respect for a relationship . would does movie try to say ? not much .
0 this film is advertised as a clever romantic comedy . it is neither clever nor romantic and it is definitely not an effective comedy . the fortunes of the well meaning yet pathetic character , " tom " , oscillate from one extremely embarrassing disaster to another . the only saving graces are the competent performance by toni collete and the frequency with which we glimpse paltrow ' s pleasant face . overall , to be avoided !
0 if you like bad movies , this is the one to see . it ' s incredibly low - budget special effects ( you ' ll see what i mean ) and use of non - actors was what gave this film it ' s charm . if you ' re bored with a group of friends , i highly recommend renting this b movie gem . it ' s mulletrific !
1 i can ' t stand it when people go see a movie when they know they won ' t like it . my mom likes violent movies , so why did she see it ? she rated it just to bring down the rating . so i know that ' s why it didn ' t have a higher rating . i give it a 6 / 10
1 i thought this was a quiet good movie . it was fun to watch it . what i liked best where the ' outtakes ' at the end of the movie . they were great .
1 this film to me is a very good film ! ! < br / > < br / > i have a german shepherd myself and i wish to god he was like jerry lee ! ! i hope too that there is another k - 9 in the running ! ! with jerry lee and dooley in them ! ! i don ' t care what any one say these two films were excellent ! !
1 real cool , smart movie . i loved sheedy ' s colors , especially the purple car . alice drummond is wise and wonderful as stella . i liked sheedy ' s reference to how her face had gotten fatter . the roadside dance scene is brilliant . really liked this one .
1 if you like original gut wrenching laughter you will like this movie . if you are young or old then you will love this movie , hell even my mom liked it . < br / > < br / > great camp ! ! !
1 this was one of the most moving movies i have ever seen . i was about 12 years old when i watched it for the first time and whenever it is on tv i my eyes are glued to it . the acting and plot are amazing . it seems so true to reality and it touches on so many controversial topics . i recommend this movie to anyone interested in a good drama .
0 aside for being classic in the aspect of its cheesy lines and terrible acting , this film should never be watched unless you are looking for a good cure for your insomnia . i can ' t imagine anyone actually thinking this was a " good movie . "
0 i appreciate a think positive feel good about yourself film , but this is too much . in the end they look like a bunch of loonies . this film is one of those finding yourself 70 ' s plots , i know the film is made in 1980 . a lot more of clint and girl friend movie . this movie is a 3 / 10 .
1 loved the film ! this was my first glimpse at both reese witherspoon and jason london , both of which are two of my favorites . must say that no matter how many times i ' ve seen this movie i can ' t help but tear up . one of those movies that should become a classic for all .
0 superdome is one of those movies that makes you wonder why it was made . the whole plot concerns someone trying to sabotage the superbowl , and all the attempts made to stop them . how tom selleck and donna mills ' careers managed to survive this is beyond me . however , the most frustrating thing about it was there was no football in it at all ! avoid this one if possible .
1 this film takes you inside itself in the early minutes and holds you till the end . it has a very humane story and very good selected music . the acting of moritz bleibtreu ( giancarlo amato ) and barnaby metschurat ( gigi amato ) is satisfying . recommended to people who get bored of action films and want to see a good movie .
1 the movie is great and i like the story . i prefer this movie than other movie such the cell ( sick movie ) and highlander ( silly movie ) . i just tell the truth , i like a reality hehe and also a true story : ) < br / > < br / >
1 the extraordinary rosemary forsyth is the main reason to see this flick . why she never became a bigger store may never be known . but she is exceptional and steals every scene she ' s in . garson kanin directed this piece of fluff and the cast is first rate , with robert drivas and brenda vaccaro especially memorable . a " 9 " out of " 10 . "
1 very funny , well - crafted , well - acted , meticulous attention to detail . a real window into a specific time and place in history . could almost believe this was a true story in a parallel universe . interesting how passport to pimlico anticipates the berlin airlift . a definite 10 .
1 this film lingered and lingered at a small movie theater in town , and the word - of - mouth buzz got me to see it . a comedy about disabled people - the subject matter keeps lots of people away from a funny and heart - warming film .
1 for a mature man , to admit that he shed a tear over this film is a mature response , to a mature film . < br / > < br / > if one need admit more then perhaps one could say that , " life " can never be the same , after viewing such advent for it has moved us to the next level . < br / > < br / >
1 made me think about it for days after seeing it . that to me is the mark of a great movie . eyes wide shut had the same effect on me . i am tired of these people requiring these happy hollywood cookie - cutter endings . i am planning on going to see it again tonight to understand the plot a little better - but regardless , the emotional messages of the movie were totally felt .
1 weak , fast and multicolor , this is the valvoline ' s movie in fact you can see always this brand of oil in a lot of scene . the real protagonist are the cars , weak performances of cage and duvall . a intresting angelina jolie is a unlikely mechanic . for the lovers of dream car ( lamborghini and ferrari over all ) .
1 i gave it an 8 only because it had received such low votes . . . this is definitely really about a 5 . 5 . . . . . ummm . . it was kind of bloody , had likeable , shallow characters , and it had some really hot babes in it . i like the eclectic killer , because he didn ' t kill people the same way everytime . . . that sometimes gets old .
1 powers boothe turns in a stellar performance as 1970 ' s cult figure jim jones of the peoples temple . jones physical likeness to jones is uncanny and the story is acted out chillingly . the movie keeps you riveted and is a must see for anyone . check it out .
0 wow this movie sucked big time . i heard this movie expresses the meaning of friendship very well . and with all the internet hype on this movie i figured what could go wrong ? however the movie was just plain bad . it was boring and the character development was never there . space travelers was also a horrible movie , if you didn ' t like that movie there is no way you will like this .
0 i ' m a don johnson fan , but this is undoubtedly the worst movie , done by anybody , that i ' ve ever seen . the acting was bad , as was the cinematography . don should stick to doing action , because as the king , he just didn ' t cut it .
1 this is an very good movie . this is one that i would rent over and over again . it is not like your normal superhero movie . this movie blends comedy , action and great special effects . it even has a person in it that does a lot of voices on the simpsons . william h . macy is the bomb .
0 some fraud girl tries to compete in the big leagues of motorcross by swiching places with her brother . she gets to the top by lying and manipulation . she should have been disqualified . the movie promotes lying and cheating to win . also the idea of a 9 yr old mechanic is absurd . it takes many many years to get good . go back to the tonka toys .
0 i cannot believe this woodenly written and directed piece of cliche film got made . there are about four good looking shots ( the director should think about switching to still photography ) and that ' s it . a strong cast is utterly wasted , scenes repeatedly end at the least interesting moments and the script says nothing new . please spare yourself this movie .
1 these two men went thru hell and beyond and have produced the movie that conveys the terror that many did not survive . this is definitely a movie about survival , but not without it ' s touching moments . < br / > < br / > the finest piece of work i have seen documenting the 9 / 11 / 01 tragedy of new york city .
1 along with the " maratonci trce pocasni krug " from the same director , one of the masterpieces of ex - yugoslavia comedies . if you want to understand serbian mentality , you must see this movie . and if you want to see several of ex - yugoslav great actors at the same time , this is a opportunity .
0 motocrossed was fun , but it wasn ' t that great . i guess i just didn ' t understand a lot of the motocross racing " lingo " ( and there was a lot of that in the film ) ! the plot wasn ' t what i expected from the disney channel previews , so that could account for some of my disappointment .
1 this game ranks above all so far . i had the honor of playing mine on ps2 so the graphics were really good . the voice acting was above standard . the difficulty level is just right . wesker has to be the best characters in the re series in my opinion . the story amazed me and took many different twist that i wasn ' t expecting . the only rating this game deserves is great .
0 ok , so . . . . . guy gets bitten by a bat and then turns into a bat ( well , sorta ) . i can only assume this made sense to someone at the time ! aren ' t bats supposed to fly , use radar , and eat bugs instead of attacking humans tho ?
0 i ' m a big fan of camp , but when every plot ' twist ' is predictable and bad , while obviously not trying to be , even i lose interest . i was going to rate this a 3 , but the ending dropped it a point easily . its only saving grace is that i hated other movies more . not enough beer in the world for this one .
1 this movie was well done in all respects . the acting is superb along with the fine audio soundtrack which i purchased because it was so moving . it is my all time favorite movie ahead of eastwoods " white hunter , black heart " . this movie is simply the best . < br / > < br / > cheers zuf
1 a bugs life is a great film that is not just for kids but for adults too . the story is set around a colony of ants and their struggle against the evil grasshoppers who come back every year and steal their food ( a mirror of the magnifiscent seven ) . there is some wonderfull computer animation and the voices are great too . you will love it ! ! 8 out of 10
1 nobody said movies had to be realistic did they ? i really liked this movie because i remember when i first saw it in junior high . for all the kids who remember the pmrc and albums before there were warning stickers , it ' s a cool story for all those kids who were part of the mid to late 80 ' s headbanger crowd .
1 sudden impact is the best of the five dirty harry movies . they don ' t come any leaner and meaner than this as harry romps through a series of violent clashes , with the bad guys getting their just desserts . which is just the way i like it . great story too and ably directed by clint himself . excellent entertainment .
0 shame on julia roberts and john cusack . they are so talented and should not have had any part in this movie . the storyline was dumb and predictable . the jokes were not funny . the romance was not really romance . i was all too happy when this movie ended .
1 very well done and spooky horror movie from poverty - row film company prc who usually put out really cheesy films like devil bat or the flying serpent . german expatriate director wisbar does wonders with a small budget and his studio - bound swamp set . gaunt and ghoulish charles middleton is effective as the strangler .
0 i bought this movie and after i watched it i decided that i did not care for it . the acting was bad . was the principal a robot ? he had no personality and his facial expression didn ' t change through the whole movie . at times the voices didn ' t match up . people talking and their lips didn ' t even move .
0 < br / > < br / > the main question i pose concerning this film is , how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs ! merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway , here they are replaced by the weaker red skelton and lucille ball . plot changes abound and the fun is lost . < br / > < br / > skip it .
0 i can ' t figure out who greenlighted this thing ! it has no redeeming qualities , none , nada , zip , zilch . < br / > < br / > the acting was bad . the directing was bad . the writing was bad . the plot was bad . the music was bad . the editing was bad . . . . . well , at least the filmmakers were consistent .
1 i became more emotionally attached to this movie than any other i have ever watched . that may be because i can see the characters as my own grandparents , attempting to make sense of a world at war . the ending and use of pachabel ' s cannon are both amazing .
1 hello again , i have to comment on this wonderful , exciting , and believable tale of romance and intrigue . the music in wonderful and memorable . very good colorful movie . another movie i liked as well later on was high society with bing crosby . wonderful music . thanks for listening , florence forrester - stockton , reno , nevada
0 i am definitely a burt reynolds fan , but sorry , this one really stinks . most of the dialogue is laughable and the only interesting plot twist is in the last five minutes of the movie . i can ' t believe he even made this one . is he actually that hard up for money ?
1 as with most rosalind russell movies , this one is very entertaining - - it ' s fun all the way through . it ' s definitely one of the last of this genre of film - - just good wholesome entertainment . give it a try - i don ' t think you will be disappointed .
0 horrible waste of time - bad acting , plot , directing . this is the most boring movie ever ! there are bad movies that are fun ( freddy vs . jason ) , and there are bad movies that are horrible . this one fits into the latter . bottom line - don ' t waste your time .
1 a must see by all - if you have to borrow your neighbors kid to see this one . easily one of the best animation / cartoons released in a long - time . it took the the movies antz to a whole new level . do not mistake the two as being the same movie - although in principle the movies plot is similiar . just go and enjoy .
1 i thought that it was a great film for kids ages 6 - 12 . a little sappy , but the story is uplifting an fresh . it proves that the dreams of an adolescent can truly come true . i think that it ' s a great story for any kid who is feelings down , or feels as if there trying to juggle too many things among them . very ' cute ' film . bravo .
1 this is a refreshing , enjoyable movie . if you enjoyed , " four weddings and a funeral " , " peter ' s friends " , etc . , you will see a number of familiar and talented actors . made me laugh , made me sad . i view movies for entertainment , and english - set movies generally fit that bill for me . enjoy !
0 if this is based on the true - life relationship , as purported , between ms . curtin and mr . levinson , i ' m thrilled i do not know them personally . this is painfully slow , and both characters take stupid pills liberally throughout the movie while the theme song gets played into the ground . many stupid scenes with people acting stupid does not make for a comedy .
0 like all the taviani brothers films , this one looks great , but it is rotten to the core with false romanticism , and coincidences heap upon each other in some facsimile of a " story " . in actuality , this is really just a sentimentally cheap tear jerker posing as an intellectually distinguished art film .
0 the only reason to see this movie is for a brilliant performance by thom - adcox hernandez who is underused in the movie within the movie . as usual tom villard is good , too . otherwise it ' s c * * p . the possesor doesn ' t even exist how does he magically change the letters on the theatre marquee to spell out " the possessor " ? lame .
1 dominion tank police is an exercise in contradictive film making . the storyline across the 4 parts blends mindless action , slap - stick humor , touching humanity and thought provoking philosophical questions . it ' s hard to believe that there was only one director , as the style changes from episode to episode . a must - see movie for anyone who likes anime .
1 a series of shorts spoofing dumb tv shows , groove tube hits and misses a lot . overall , i do really like this movie . unfortunately , a couple of the segments are totally boring . a few really great clips make up for this . a predecessor to such classics like kentucky fried movie .
1 this is according to me a quite bizarre movie with a lot of humor in it . i wouldn ' t say that it is very scary , but more fun i guess . that is if you like horror movies . scarecrow kind of remembered me of " children of the corn " , but still not . if you compare these two movies this is much more fun to watch = )
1 a very interesting entertainment , with the charm of the old movies . tarzan faces the greatest perils without hesitation if the moment requires it , and we all enjoy with him his success . the most insteresting for me is a man without special powers facing the problems and beating them just with human skills ( he was a great swimmer and had a great shout )
0 olivier gruner stars as jacques a foreign exchange college student who takes on and single handedly wipes out a mexican street gang in this obnoxious and racist film which is so horrible that it ' s laughable . bad acting , bad plot and bad fight choreography make angel town a turkey .
1 i went to see antone fisher not knowing what to expect and was most pleasantly surprised . the acting job by derek luke was outstanding and the story line was excellent . of course denzel washington did his usual fine job of acting as well as directing . it makes you realized that people with mental problems can be helped and this movie is a perfect example of this . don ' t miss this one .
1 the scenes are fast - paced . the characters are great . i love anne - marie johnson ' s acting . i really like the ending . < br / > < br / > however , i was disappointed that this movie didn ' t delve deeper into achilles ' s and athena ' s relationship . it only blossomed when they kissed each other .
1 unique movie about confused woman ( lindsay crouse ) who gets involved with sharp con men . joe mantegna gives an oscar - caliber performance as the slickest of the group . absolutely enchanting first hour , as mantegna shows crouse " the ropes " of his con games . story line unravels a bit later on , but still stands as a unique portrayal of an innocent caught up in a dark world . definitely worth a shot .
1 what a surprisingly good movie this one turned out to be . this is the type of film that i ' ve been looking for ages . particularly important for me was the fantastic - looking chicago , which i still keep thinking about . the back cover doesn ' t do this film justice , it ' s superb , and in my top - 5 for sure .
1 this was the best bonnie and clyde movie i have seen . it has more accurate accounts of what happened and while it doesnt glorify their crimes it casts the pair in a normal light . i give this movie a 10 . it has great actors , realistic scenes and excellent writers .
0 < br / > < br / > this movie sucks . ridiculous " school " athmosphere , unbelievable students that are very bad and behave like criminals but then later after the " good teacher " nick nolte taught them they became as good and as quiet as kittens . < br / > < br / > if this works for you , it doesn ' t for me . 0 out of 10
0 the movie had so much potential , but due to 70 ' s technology constraints and also a weak script killed the main plot of the film . the book version of the film was much better , and well conceived . if it had been done right in the beginning with sources from the book , it could have been a very cool classic .
1 this show is awesome ! and i ' ve seen it about 6 times . < br / > < br / > granted it may be lacking in educational content as some people like those sort of movies , but i think it ' s great , very funny and excellently written !
1 i two came home from school fast as i could to catch hrpuff and stuff on t . v . that was the most fun time in my life is to watch hrpuff and stuff on t . v . growing up still love it today i am 46 years old . this year . . . . . .
1 come on ! ! ! they did that on purpose ! ! two of my current faves on tv ( meloni from " oz " and " l and o - svu " and janel from " west wing " ) hook up for a nice little sleeper / character study . plot ' s nothing fancy , but the acting is right on the mark . tim busfield shows up for some neat bits . worth a look .
0 the concept was ok but hardly original . the acting was plastic . but the real spoiler was that there was only one joke and a grubby one at that . this is a film for fourteen year olds who have been let out on their own for the first time . don ' t dare to watch it with your kids .
1 well i guess it supposedly not a classic because there are only a few easily recognizable faces , but i personally think it is . . . it ' s a very beautiful sweet movie , henry winkler did a great job with his character and it really impressed me .
1 the movie was a suspenseful , and somewhat dark , look at the severe results of a genuinely human mistake . connery and fishburne work very well together in this thriller about murder and redemption . keep your boots on for the strange turnaround at the end of the movie . . . you ' d never expect it !
1 the clouded yellow is a compact psychological thriller with interesting characterizations . barry jones and kenneth more are both terrific in supporting roles in characters that both have more to them than what meets the eye . jean simmons is quite good , and trevor howard makes a fascinatingly offbeat suspense hero .
1 good exciting movie , although it looks to me that it ' s not been recorded on location in thailand , it still looks realistic . nice story about some girls having ' fun ' in one of the most beautiful countries on the world . in real the thai people are very kind .
1 this is a bad movie in the traditional sense , but taken for what it is meant to be it is quite good . very funny and well made , although there are a few death scenes that are in bad taste , what with jiggling breasts as a girl suffocates and so on .
0 i find it sad that christians ( and i am one ) feel that we must make movies like " left behind . " we have much better stories to tell that don ' t have to be so preachy . i was very disappointed with this film . as an aspiring filmmaker who believes in christ , i see this film as the perfect example for what i am not going to do with my career in film .
0 i saw this in the summer of 1990 . i ' m still annoyed by how bad this movie is in 2001 . < br / > < br / > implausible plot . you ' d have to be a child to think this could happen . < br / > < br / > i ' m just really annoyed by it . don ' t see this .
1 great movie and the family will love it ! ! if kids are bored one day just pop the tape in and you ' ll be so glad you did ! ! ! < br / > < br / > ~ ~ ~ rube < br / > < br / > i luv raven - s !
1 tigerland is one of the finest films that i have seen , and in my opinion it outdoes even full metal jacket , a film of similar nature . bozz is played exceptionally well by farrell , and is a character who stays in your mind long after the film ends . the ending is brilliantly cut by schumacher - with the melodic harmony singing and the slow mo of the troops preparing to leave . what a film .
1 this video rocked ! eddie is one of the funniest comics i have ever seen . not only does he have class , he makes some of the funniest observations on history and culture that i have ever seen . eddie is the most original and most intelligent comic i ' ve seen in a very long time . tell all those other stand - ups to get off the stage and let this " executive " reign !
1 despite being told from a british perspective this is the best ww ii documentary ever produced . presented in digestible ( as digestible as war can be ) episodes as the grave voice of laurence olivier connects the multitudes of eye witnesses who were forced to live the events of that horrific time . eagerly awaiting its appearance on dvd in the u . s . the europeans had their opportunity with a release in dvd earlier this year .
0 this film is not even worth walking to the movie theatre . no jokes , but stupid and boring laughing on repeated disgusting stuff . the music and the girls are great , unfortunately you have to watch the whole movie to enjoy them . it was weak , very very weak .
1 the movie itself was ok for the kids . but i gotta tell ya that scratch , the little squirrel , was the funniest character i ' ve ever seen . he makes the movie all by himself . he ' s the reason i ' ve just love this movie . congradulations to the crew , it made me laugh out loud and always will !
0 oh my god ! this movie insults the intelligence of everybody . i mean really , who thinks three kids can fight 30 to 40 ninjas and win . not to mention the brainless humor thrown in . this film is baaaaaaaaaaaaaad . the movie is an omen , the only thing it ' s good for is a time killer or unintentional laughs .
0 has to be one of the worst wastes of 35mm movie film ever unleashed on the public , the sequel to the at least entertaining pseudo - documentary original film " the legend of boggy creek " . bad script , worse acting , etc . , etc . , dawn wells had to be hoping that gilligan would come rescue her and take her back to the island just to escape from this piece of clap - trap .
1 moonwalker is absolutely incredible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! what else can i say ! ? michael jackson is the true king of pop , rock and soul ! ! ! moonwalker has everything ! great story line , fantastic music , great visual effects , and of course it has michael jackson ! ! ! ! ! !
1 good action and interesting plot . having seen the original i must say it was an interesting improvement and showed more of the movie . good cast . . meaningful acting . . although it would nice to see some more expansion in the action scenes rather than the background story . fun movie to watch and keeps you alert all the time 7 / 10 is a right vote i think !
1 in conception a splendid film , investigating the tensions that occur in family life in the idyllic setting of galiano island off the coast of british columbia , _ the lotus eaters _ is marred by the fact that it has been packaged as a made - for - tv movie , diminishing itself throughout by the addition of chirpy music over potentially powerful scenes , as if to get ready for the interruption of commercials . a pity , really .
1 with a well thought out cast , this movie was a great comedic relief . the plot is well - written and the cast was knockout . every bit as good as the reviews suggested ( a rarity ) and was highly entertaining . being a huge john candy fan myself , this movie was no disappointment .
0 some 25 year olds behave like teenagers , coping with the death of a high - school mate , trying to find their purpose in live and love . the script is so lame that i had to force myself to even finish this movie . stay away from it . 1 / 10
1 this is a film exploring the female sexuality in a way not so often used . almost every other film with this kind of sexual scenes always becomes rated x , and so seen as a pornographic movie . here is a kind of romantic horror story combined with the females " own satisfaction " need . < br / > < br / > a very good film !
0 devil dog sets your heart racing . it ' s brilliantly paced , the ending comes like a bolt out of the blue and plunges itself into the very centre of your being . you ' ll never look at your dog the same way again . in fact you ' ll start thinking of having it put down - by a priest ! fantastic !
1 this was a great movie but it had the worst ending i think i have ever seen ! ! ! the actors were great and displayed wonderful talent . the entire story was twisted and unexpecting , which , is what made it entertaining . as good as the movie was , the entire film is judged by the ending , which was terrible ! maybe a sequel could eliminate this bad ending .
1 with very little screen time and money , dan katzir manages to do so much . this movie , in its heart - warming simplicity , touches the beauty of love from a fresh angle . rejuvinated lust
1 i thought this film was just about perfect . the descriptions / summaries you ' ll read about this movie don ' t do it justice . the plot just does not sound very interesting , but it is . just rent it and you will not be sorry ! !
1 i don ' t know who could find fault with a simply human and funny film like this with lots of delights for your heart . i enjoyed each minute of it and guessed the ending half way through the movie - - but that did not disappoint me at all . it will not only touch your heart but it ' s such a good family friendly film - - we need many more like these !
1 in my opinion , the best movie ever . i love when people ask me what this film is about . i usually smile and say " life " . they shrug and probably never give it another thought . the fact that everyone from every background can relate to some part of this movie makes it all that much more amazing . definately a must see for everyone .
1 forget the jaded comments that come before these . this is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting . well - acted , even by elizabeth berkley . recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change .
0 very badly made film , the action / violence scenes are ridiculous . < br / > < br / > 1 point for the presence of burton and mastroianni + 1 point for the real tragic event of the massacre of the innocent italians : 2 / 10 .
1 what an inspiring movie , i laughed , cried and felt love . for a true story , it does give you hope and that miracles do happen . it has a great cast . ellen burstyn , samantha mathis , jodelle ferland ( she ' s 4 or 5yrs . old ) what a actress . its on showtime . a must see movie ! ! : ) =
1 and i really mean that . i caught it last night on vh1 , and i was not expecting it to be so good . this is now one of my favorites . i must add that it has a killer soundtrack .
1 this film is one of michael keaton ' s best . throughout the film he is ' on ' . with co - stars like ms . henner , joe piscopo and danny devito , you can ' t go wrong . great laughs , great fun for everyone .
0 i can see why laurel and hardy purists might be offended by this rather gentle ' re - enactment ' , but this film would be an excellent way to introduce children to the pleasures of classic l & h . bronson pinchot and gailard sartain acquit themselves reasonably as the comedy duo and there ' s a reasonably good supporting cast . i enjoyed it .
1 i don ' t know how anyone could hate this movie . it is so funny . it took a unique mind to come up with this storyline . it ' s not your typical alien movie . these aliens are so stupid and confused . you need to rent it at least once .
0 decent animation and some workable character development keep this animated horse fable from dreamworks at least watchable . . . however it remains somewhat slow paced and the storyline is a bit on the silly side . . it is interesting to see a reversal of the typical cowboys and indian roles , but here it just seems like a nod to political correctness rather than a proper storyline decision . grade : c
0 if you want to see women ' s breasts , get a porno . there is no plot , but the last 45 minutes of this movie focus on resolving some sort of dangerous plan . the only value this movie has is that sometimes its so bad its funny , and , yes , boobs are boobs .
1 this movie has made me want to become a director , and michelle rodriguez is brilliant . how the hell wasn ' t she on mtv ' s top 25 under 25 , she beats them all . this film definitely deserved the grand jury prize at sundance , best film i have ever seen .
0 some good movies keep you in front of the tv , and you are dying to see the result . < br / > < br / > this movie does not have highs and lows . it simply describes a young girl ' s family life in africa . people come and go , the weather and the background are all the same . < br / > < br / >
1 the film gets my stamp of approval . the scene in the museum demands acting without dialogue . this is one of the most interesting and unique scenes in the history of film . dickinson ' s character kate is very well developed and her performance is felt throughout the entire film . the best work angie dickinson did since point blank !
1 a funny comedy from beginning to end ! there are several hilarious scenes but it ' s also loaded with many subtle comedic moments which is what made the movie for me . creative story line with a very talented cast . i thoroughly enjoyed it !
1 although the film is the adaptation of the french play ( forgot the name - sorry ) , it is a wonderful portrayal of the cheerful side of georgian character . this film will make you to burst into laughter and will fill your heart with warm sadness . it will display the overwhelming love of life along with human eccentricities .
