1 not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us - - especially san francisco lovers - - it ' s a spirited film and a must - see .
1 there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami ' s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
1 that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self - satisfied 22 - year - old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self - satisfied 18 - year - old mistress
1 writer and director otar iosseliani ' s pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
1 the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if ` ` gory mayhem ' ' is your idea of a good time
0 would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor
1 this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton ' s ever - watchful gaze - - and it ' s a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
1 the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier ' s oft - brilliant safe conduct ( ` ` laissez - passer ' ' ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
0 tykwer ' s surface flash is n ' t just a poor fit with kieslowski ' s lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski ' s work aspired to , including the condition of art
1 imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
0 it ' s provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor ' s cartoonish performance and the film ' s ill - considered notion that hitler ' s destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
1 . . . spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver ' s parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
1 as an introduction to the man ' s theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it ' s invaluable
0 if you are curious to see the darker side of what ' s going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there ' s nothing very attractive about this movie
0 should n ' t have been allowed to use the word ` ` new ' ' in its title , because there ' s not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
1 lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie ' s darker turns
1 there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n ' t have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern - day comedies .
1 , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
1 a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source ' s complexity .
1 the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true ` ` us ' ' versus ` ` them ' '
0 the result , however well - intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen - sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today ' s hollywood .
1 the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co - writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh ' s book trainspotting
0 there ' s a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip ' s repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
0 ( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you ' ll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment .
1 a fun family movie that ' s suitable for all ages - - a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` it ' s never too late to believe in your dreams . '
1 by the time it ' s done with us , mira nair ' s new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
1 cineasts will revel in those visual in - jokes , as in the film ' s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein ' s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark ' s dogma movement .
1 to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother - daughter tale than last summer ' s ` divine secrets of the ya - ya sisterhood , ' but that ' s not saying much .
0 while the story is better - focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it ' s based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth - vampire , tortured woe - is - me lifestyle .
0 as with so many merchandised - to - the - max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
0 ` christian bale ' s quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge - pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind - tunnel and a simply astounding cor - blimey - luv - a - duck cockney accent . '
1 for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour - and - a - half .
0 to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean - spirited , and there ' s no indication that he ' s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
0 sarah ' s dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman ' s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
1 it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie ' s various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie ' s most admirable quality
0 it ' s hard to imagine anybody ever being ` ` in the mood ' ' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it ' s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it ' s started
1 birot creates a drama with such a well - defined sense of place and age - - as in , 15 years old - - that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
0 come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt - of - the - earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
1 the film ' s strength is n ' t in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media - soaked fears .
0 barney ' s ideas about creation and identity do n ' t really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three - hour endurance test built around an hour ' s worth of actual material .
0 it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul ' s - eye view of how well - meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
0 hawke ' s film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n ' t tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
1 moretti . . . is the rare common - man artist who ' s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex - - and , as it turns out , more fragile - - than happiness .
1 assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he ' s witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
0 godard ' s ode to tackling life ' s wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that ' s unfocused and tediously exasperating .
0 sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n ' t - she - cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
1 is the rare common - man artist who ' s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex - - and , as it turns out , more fragile - - than happiness
0 many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n ' t think that a . c . will help this movie one bit .
0 ' s tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn - - stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
1 the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
0 made me realize that we really have n ' t had a good cheesy b - movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week ' s reign of fire .
0 johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action - adventure buffs , but the film ' s interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
1 while parker and co - writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville ' s plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast . . . have made the old boy ' s characters more quick - witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
0 when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self - caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
0 has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children ' s home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3 - year - olds find it diverting
1 singer / composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs - - a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story - - but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
1 methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie - - which may be why it ' s so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
1 it ' s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it ' s what makes their project so interesting .
1 the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl - meets - girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen ' s romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
1 producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that ` ` they wanted to see something that did n ' t talk down to them . ' '
1 the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
1 skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids - in - peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
0 there ' s too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man ' s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
1 with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie ' s darker turns
1 a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love - hate relationship .
0 it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity - - director clare peploe ' s misunderstanding of marivaux ' s rhythms , and mira sorvino ' s limitations as a classical actress
1 perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live - - someplace between consuming self - absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
1 as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
1 quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long - suffering heroine with an unflappable ' 50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
1 delivers what it promises : a look at the ` ` wild ride ' ' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
0 nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self - caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
1 for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m . night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
1 like mike is n ' t going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net .
1 even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost do n ' t notice the 129 - minute running time
1 director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of ` ` iris ' ' or ` ` american beauty , ' ' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
0 the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle ' s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
0 to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from ` ` promising ' ' to ` ` interesting ' ' to ` ` familiar ' ' before landing squarely on ` ` stupid ' '
0 so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter ' s the thing and loaded with actors you ' re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
1 touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society . . . might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
1 k - 19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia
1 with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control - - driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
1 ' s hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
0 ultimately , sarah ' s dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman ' s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
1 my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it ' s also a - - dare i say it twice - - delightfully charming - - and totally american , i might add - - slice of comedic bliss .
0 the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop - music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
0 queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role - - she does little here but point at things that explode into flame
1 somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie ' s various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie ' s most admirable quality
0 if you are curious to see the darker side of what ' s going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there ' s nothing very attractive about this movie .
0 . . . it was n ' t the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film . . . it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , ` ` wait a second , did i miss something ? ' '
0 one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
1 it ' s hard to imagine anybody ever being ` ` in the mood ' ' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it ' s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it ' s started .
0 there ' s no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan ' s prefeminist plight , so we ' re left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
1 at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good - natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
1 anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
0 one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it ' s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek ' s self - conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
0 stephen earnhart ' s documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition - - wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text - - when it ' s really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
0 made me realize that we really have n ' t had a good cheesy b - movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week ' s reign of fire
0 is that those responsible did n ' t cut their losses - - and ours - - and retitle it the adventures of direct - to - video nash , and send it to its proper home .
1 the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
0 demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n ' t disguise that he ' s spiffing up leftovers that are n ' t so substantial or fresh .
1 it ' s the kind of effectively creepy - scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n ' t take it any more .
0 the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
1 chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie ' s darker turns
1 i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they ' re treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
1 you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
0 at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
0 that ' s as lumpy as two - day old porridge . . . the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this ` ` un - bear - able ' ' project
1 it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
0 that the ` true story ' by which all the queen ' s men is allegedly ` ` inspired ' ' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what ' s been cobbled together onscreen
0 after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you ' ll be wistful for the testosterone - charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal - mart budget .
1 there is a really cool bit - - the movie ' s conception of a future - world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
1 ride , with jaw - dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
0 ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all - inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
0 . . . feels as if ( there ' s ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
0 was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .
0 the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n ' t understand , ones they figure the power - lunchers do n ' t care to understand , either .
1 the gorgeously elaborate continuation of ` ` the lord of the rings ' ' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co - writer / director peter jackson ' s expanded vision of j . r . r . tolkien ' s middle - earth .
0 mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and / or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
1 ( clooney ' s ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh
0 these self - styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self - preservation .
1 like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea ' s recent past and south korea ' s future adds a much needed moral weight .
1 soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large - screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
0 this sneaky feel to it - - as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
0 . . . the film ' s considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
0 a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real - life 19th - century crime as a metaphor for - - well , i ' m not exactly sure what - - and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
1 nohe ' s documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n ' t blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co - operative interaction
1 what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
0 the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper ' s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n ' t feel much for damon / bourne or his predicament
0 i do n ' t know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
1 in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you ' d expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters - - damaged - goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
1 it ' s about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that ' s what i liked about it - - the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
0 the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20 - car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through - - if kaos had n ' t blown them all up .
1 keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s . c . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
1 in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
1 brings a beguiling freshness to a coming - of - age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
1 while cherish does n ' t completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it ' s got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
1 is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self - assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
0 ( johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action - adventure buffs , but the film ' s interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
0 if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n ' t , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
1 hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature - - the first to be released in the u . s . - - a major director is emerging in world cinema
1 a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .
0 from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character ' s hands below the camera line , ` ` besotted ' ' is misbegotten
0 after a while , hoffman ' s quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue - - things that seem so real in small doses - - become annoying and artificial .
0 ' s a feel - bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot - button items in the viewer ' s face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
1 tongue - in - cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde ' s droll whimsy helps ` ` being earnest ' ' overcome its weaknesses and parker ' s creative interference . . .
0 her fans walked out muttering words like ` ` horrible ' ' and ` ` terrible , ' ' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n ' t mind the ticket cost .
0 ' s rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from ` ` promising ' ' to ` ` interesting ' ' to ` ` familiar ' ' before landing squarely on ` ` stupid ' ' .
1 it ' s a treat - - a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score . . . grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
1 it ' s hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
1 gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice - over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
0 feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired - - of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
1 the unexplored story opportunities of ` ` punch - drunk love ' ' may have worked against the maker ' s minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer / director anderson .
1 try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman ' s approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
1 frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he ' s witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
1 reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made - - beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama - - but that barely makes it any less entertaining
1 there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n ' t have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern - day comedies
0 the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film ' s producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy .
1 the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large - screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
1 of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self - satisfied 22 - year - old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self - satisfied 18 - year - old mistress
0 a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let ' s get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but
1 i do n ' t feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it ' s a dish that ' s best served cold .
1 could have turned this into an argentine retread of ` ` iris ' ' or ` ` american beauty , ' ' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films
0 snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
0 there ' s a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
1 there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip - flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
0 mctiernan ' s remake may be lighter on its feet - - the sober - minded original was as graceful as a tap - dancing rhino - - but it is just as boring and as obvious .
1 could have turned this into an argentine retread of ` ` iris ' ' or ` ` american beauty , ' ' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
0 come away thinking not only that kate is n ' t very bright , but that she has n ' t been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly - - an all - woman dysfunctional family - - deserve one another .
0 it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
0 the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy - - or , worse yet , nonexistent - - ideas .
0 brainless , but enjoyably over - the - top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen - gang machismo in a way that borders on rough - trade homo - eroticism .
0 and if you appreciate the one - sided theme to lawrence ' s over - indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self - glorified martin lawrence lovefest .
1 while parker and co - writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville ' s plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast . . . have made the old boy ' s characters more quick - witted than any english lit
1 cho ' s latest comic set is n ' t as sharp or as fresh as i ' m the one that i want . . . but it ' s still damn funny stuff .
1 standing by yourself is haunting . . . ( it ' s ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
0 instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid - vid , we get an ugly , mean - spirited lashing out by an adult who ' s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
1 all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign - trail press , especially ones that do n ' t really care for the candidate they ' re forced to follow .
0 this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
0 will be adequately served by the movie ' s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious - minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
1 a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self - satisfied 22 - year - old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self - satisfied 18 - year - old mistress
0 is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not - very - funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last - minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
0 ' s tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn - - stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
0 feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime . . . and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
1 the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness .
0 to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn - - stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
0 well , jason ' s gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n ' t shoot the messenger ) .
0 it ' s mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliche atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo ' s ) best work .
0 the movie ' s biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt - of - the - earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
1 lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject - - taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
1 p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
1 as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue - in - cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
0 we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ' ll wind up together , and michele ' s spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
1 ride , with jaw - dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
1 a heady , biting , be - bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he ' ll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
1 brings a beguiling freshness to a coming - of - age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema
1 almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like ` ` the addams family ' ' to everyone looking in . . . ` ` my big fat greek wedding ' ' comes from the heart . . .
1 . . . fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist ' s work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
1 while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross - out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct - to - video irrelevancy .
1 as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass ' s understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
1 a rollicking ride , with jaw - dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
1 light the candles , bring out the cake and do n ' t fret about the calories because there ' s precious little substance in birthday girl - - it ' s simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat
1 so it ' s not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
0 it ' s rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that ' s good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that ' s just too boring and obvious .
0 am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
1 others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison ' s iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
0 ' s hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self - satisfied 22 - year - old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self - satisfied 18 - year - old mistress .
0 there ' s an admirable rigor to jimmy ' s relentless anger , and to the script ' s refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there ' s no place for this story to go but down .
1 is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
0 it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we ' re told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
1 robert harmon ' s less - is - more approach delivers real bump - in - the - night chills - - his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film ' s thick shadows .
0 our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all - night tequila bender - - and i know this because i ' ve seen ` jackass : the movie
0 makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and / or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
0 instead of contriving a climactic hero ' s death for the beloved - major - character - who - shall - remain - nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
1 this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n ' t seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
1 be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
0 attal ' s hang - ups surrounding infidelity are so old - fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it ' s a wonder that he could n ' t have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
1 what lifts the film high above run - of - the - filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
0 the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .
1 i ' d take ( its ) earnest errors and hard - won rewards over the bombastic self - glorification of other feel - good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor ' s club any time .
1 in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez ' s most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a - list players .
1 compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie ' s various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie ' s most admirable quality
0 of low - grade dreck that usually goes straight to video - - with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
0 there ' s some outrageously creative action in the transporter . . . ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it ' s just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
0 at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability . . . all you have left is a no - surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he ' s not trying to laugh at how bad it
1 if the film ' s vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through - line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
1 is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy - drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she ' ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
1 that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
1 each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel - good sentiments .
0 was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle ' s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
1 hardly an objective documentary , but it ' s great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you ' ve got to admire . . . the intensity with which he ' s willing to express his convictions .
1 , girls ca n ' t swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it ' s a worthy entry in the french coming - of - age genre .
0 this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie .
0 director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
0 all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula - - which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
1 a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie ' s various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie ' s most admirable quality
1 jacquot ' s strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances . . . while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
1 that ' s destined to win a wide summer audience through word - of - mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio ' s animated classics
0 nicolas cage is n ' t the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n ' t create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
0 a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n ' t believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
1 many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self - assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
0 yes , i suppose it ' s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture - perfect life - - but world traveler gave me no reason to care ,
1 phillip noyce and all of his actors - - as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle - - understand the delicate forcefulness of greene ' s prose , and it ' s there on the screen in their version of the quiet american
1 though , there is a really cool bit - - the movie ' s conception of a future - world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
0 aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
1 is to say that it does n ' t follow the stale , standard , connect - the - dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
1 the plot of the comeback curlers is n ' t very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what ' s unique and quirky about canadians
0 a lump of run - of - the - mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office - - or trying to win over a probation officer
1 mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
1 k - 19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
1 functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue - in - cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
1 this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour - and - a - half .
1 is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what ' s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo - educational stuff we all ca n ' t stand .
0 if hill is n ' t quite his generation ' s don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it ' s because there ' s no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it ' s all bluster and cliche
1 it ' s a film that ' s destined to win a wide summer audience through word - of - mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio ' s animated classics .
0 if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss - up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
0 its spry 2001 predecessor - - but it ' s a rushed , slapdash , sequel - for - the - sake - of - a - sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
1 one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that does n ' t hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
0 . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 ' s . . . the film ' s ending has a ` ` what was it all for ? ' '
1 dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large - screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
1 ( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it ' s impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
0 time literally stops on a dime in the tries - so - hard - to - be - cool ` ` clockstoppers , ' ' but that does n ' t mean it still wo n ' t feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie - going life
1 flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65 - year - old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he ' s now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
1 the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself - - as well its delightful cast - - is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
1 even though it ' s common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n ' t help but get caught up in the thrill of the company ' s astonishing growth .
1 is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami ' s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
0 ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter ' s the thing and loaded with actors you ' re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
1 judith and zaza ' s extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self - revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
1 ` ` real women have curves ' ' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy - drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she ' ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
1 all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
0 this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ?
0 some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck
0 will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
1 its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art - house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
1 . . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi - stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd - pleasing goals it sets for itself .
1 is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self - preservation .
0 with mcconaughey in an entirely irony - free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there ' s not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
1 ( ` ` safe conduct ' ' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
0 sarah ' s dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman ' s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
0 this picture is mostly a lump of run - of - the - mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office - - or trying to win over a probation officer .
1 ( city ) reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self - caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .
0 more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
1 a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy - drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she ' ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
1 a really cool bit - - the movie ' s conception of a future - world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
0 i suppose it ' s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture - perfect life - - but world traveler gave me no reason to care
1 that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip - flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
1 holland lets things peter out midway , but it ' s notably better acted - - and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
0 high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine / legal mystery , and that ' s because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old - hat province of male intrigue
1 the bourne identity should n ' t be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom - bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
0 shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major - league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that ' s scarcely a surprise by the time
1 ' s something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach - turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest - ever historical canvas
1 destined to be the 21st century ' s new ` ` conan ' ' and that he ' s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean - claud van damme or steven segal
1 do n ' t feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it ' s a dish that ' s best served cold
1 more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
1 you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no - nonsense human beings they are and for the still - inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
0 not only are the film ' s sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we ' re - doing - it - for - the - cash ' sequel were .
1 marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
1 this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton ' s ever - watchful gaze - - and it ' s a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
1 often likable , but just as often it ' s meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old - fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
1 not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us - - especially san francisco lovers - - it ' s a spirited film and a must - see
1 the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if ` ` gory mayhem ' ' is your idea of a good time .
0 should n ' t have been allowed to use the word ` ` new ' ' in its title , because there ' s not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
1 the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
0 , howard ' s film is really a series of strung - together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
0 ' ve never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach - turning as the way adam sandler ' s new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra ' s classic . . .
1 the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ' ve ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
1 ' s . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
0 . . . has about 3 / 4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor - - but it ' s a rushed , slapdash , sequel - for - the - sake - of - a - sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
0 rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there is n ' t an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it ' s simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
1 an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it - - more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
1 the 3 - d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe - inspiring visual poetry .
0 howard and his co - stars all give committed performances , but they ' re often undone by howard ' s self - conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
1 has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control - - driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
1 to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
1 nohe ' s documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n ' t blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co - operative interaction .
0 the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre - - the gangster / crime comedy - - that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie - specific cliches is n ' t exactly endearing
1 will revel in those visual in - jokes , as in the film ' s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein ' s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark ' s dogma movement
0 has this sneaky feel to it - - as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product
1 the bourne identity should n ' t be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom - bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
1 this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n ' t make movies like they used to anymore . '
1 that rare movie that works on any number of levels - - as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
1 when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
1 director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice - over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
0 louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected - indie - film mode , and brother hoffman ' s script stumbles over a late - inning twist that just does n ' t make sense .
0 far too clever by half , howard ' s film is really a series of strung - together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
0 assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman ' s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 ' s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
0 normally , rohmer ' s talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
1 the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n ' t waste their time on it .
0 instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny - - er , comedy - - like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
1 there are n ' t too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but ` ` elling ' ' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year ' s most enjoyable releases
1 adolescents will be adequately served by the movie ' s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious - minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
0 yet another iteration of what ' s become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally ` ` superior ' ' friends , family . . .
0 a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let ' s get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find
0 ( janey ) forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
0 never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n ' t compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
1 with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman ' s life , out of a deep - seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
0 it ' s tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn - - stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
1 has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
1 some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
0 has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
1 the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they ' re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh - and - blood humans .
1 transcends its agenda to deliver awe - inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring - do puts the x into the games .
1 the rare common - man artist who ' s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex - - and , as it turns out , more fragile - - than happiness
0 has none of the crackle of ` ` fatal attraction ' ' , ` ` 9 1 / 2 weeks ' ' , or even ` ` indecent proposal ' ' , and feels more like lyne ' s stolid remake of ` ` lolita ' ' .
1 while it ' s nothing we have n ' t seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it ' s more than a worthwhile effort .
1 it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n ' t stop die - hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big - screen experience .
0 served by the movie ' s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious - minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
0 the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film ' s producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy
1 something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami ' s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
0 ' s the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working - class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .
1 you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i ' ll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
0 . . . the good and different idea ( of middle - aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend ` ` never again . ' '
0 would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor .
1 gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice - over narrator in the manner of french new wave films
0 after an hour and a half of wondering - - sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently - - just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
1 can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no - nonsense human beings they are and for the still - inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
0 while there ' s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo ' s dumbed - down tactics )
0 could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
0 were dylan thomas alive to witness first - time director ethan hawke ' s strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
0 when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle ' s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
0 there ' s a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces
1 children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah ' s despair - - in all its agonizing , catch - 22 glory - - even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
0 has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
1 miyazaki ' s nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
1 placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world ' s best actors , daniel auteuil ,
1 it ' s both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
0 this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
0 the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not - very - funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last - minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
1 even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost do n ' t notice the 129 - minute running time .
0 further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense - spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one - trick pony - - a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
0 shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major - league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that ' s scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
1 the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself - - as well its delightful cast - - is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
0 . . . a plotline that ' s as lumpy as two - day old porridge . . . the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this ` ` un - bear - able ' ' project !
0 ' s a feel - bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot - button items in the viewer ' s face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
0 there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
0 it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there ' s a little girl - on - girl action .
0 wes craven ' s presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '
0 has none of the crackle of ` ` fatal attraction ' ' , ` ` 9 1 / 2 weeks ' ' , or even ` ` indecent proposal ' ' , and feels more like lyne ' s stolid remake of ` ` lolita ' '
0 what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
0 howard and his co - stars all give committed performances , but they ' re often undone by howard ' s self - conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
0 when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh - free lecture .
1 hardly an objective documentary , but it ' s great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you ' ve got to admire . . . the intensity with which he ' s willing to express his convictions
1 whatever complaints i might have , i ' d take ( its ) earnest errors and hard - won rewards over the bombastic self - glorification of other feel - good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor ' s club any time .
1 may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear
1 director nancy savoca ' s no - frills record of a show forged in still - raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9 - 11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
0 is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn - - stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
0 full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
0 it ' s provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor ' s cartoonish performance and the film ' s ill - considered notion that hitler ' s destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
0 whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the ` ` soon - to - be - forgettable ' ' section of the quirky rip - off prison romp pile .
0 rymer does n ' t trust laughs - - and does n ' t conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead - undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
1 , so it ' s not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
1 is a really cool bit - - the movie ' s conception of a future - world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
1 this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
1 enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ' ve ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work
1 does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
1 be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world ' s best actors , daniel auteuil ,
0 is mostly a lump of run - of - the - mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office - - or trying to win over a probation officer .
1 in addition to scoring high for originality of plot - - putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way - - lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
0 which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn - - stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
1 revel in those visual in - jokes , as in the film ' s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein ' s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark ' s dogma movement
1 though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia ' s true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking
1 a lot of the credit for the film ' s winning tone must go to grant , who has n ' t lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
0 can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard ' s ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self - righteousness of his voice
1 . . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self - important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
0 while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah - rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
1 one of the better video - game - based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
0 can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman ' s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 ' s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
0 in theory , a middle - aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it ' s something else altogether - - clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
0 our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all - night tequila bender - - and i know this because i ' ve seen ` jackass : the movie .
0 yes , i suppose it ' s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture - perfect life - - but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n ' t .
0 . . . post - september 11 , ` ` the sum of all fears ' ' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
1 to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds
1 , there is a really cool bit - - the movie ' s conception of a future - world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
0 there ' s an admirable rigor to jimmy ' s relentless anger , and to the script ' s refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there ' s no place for this story to go but down
0 if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n ' t be too crazy with his great - grandson ' s movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
1 was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
1 the delicious trimmings . . . arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute . . . with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind ' s liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two
1 ' s quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge - pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind - tunnel and a simply astounding cor - blimey - luv - a - duck cockney accent . '
0 so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper ' s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n ' t feel much for damon / bourne or his predicament
0 while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues ' s beast - within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
1 antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
0 stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
1 sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney ' s darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and
0 they presume their audience wo n ' t sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science - fiction elements of bug - eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
0 it ' s a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n ' t offer any insights that have n ' t been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - ' 90s .
1 a thriller with an edge - - which is to say that it does n ' t follow the stale , standard , connect - the - dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
0 the sort of low - grade dreck that usually goes straight to video - - with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
1 phillip noyce and all of his actors - - as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle - - understand the delicate forcefulness of greene ' s prose , and it ' s there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
1 hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie ' s political ramifications
0 queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role - - she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
0 a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) .
0 they presume their audience wo n ' t sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science - fiction elements of bug - eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
1 the large - frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown - up fish lovers .
1 a compelling coming - of - age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
1 the film ' s intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that ' s opened between them .
1 when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard - driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we ' d live in if argento ' s hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve
0 a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and / or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
1 is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self - assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
0 an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8 - 10 , but it ' s unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald ' s , let alone some savvy street activism .
1 what sets ms . birot ' s film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents - - and particularly the fateful fathers - - in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
1 the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large - screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
0 if you appreciate the one - sided theme to lawrence ' s over - indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self - glorified martin lawrence lovefest .
0 with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
1 because its flabbergasting principals , 14 - year - old robert macnaughton , 6 - year - old drew barrymore and 10 - year - old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
0 the whole film has this sneaky feel to it - - as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
1 so meditative and lyrical about babak payami ' s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
0 full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie - industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre ' s definitive , if disingenuous , feature
1 ' d take ( its ) earnest errors and hard - won rewards over the bombastic self - glorification of other feel - good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor ' s club any time
0 any film that does n ' t even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
0 ' s rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from ` ` promising ' ' to ` ` interesting ' ' to ` ` familiar ' ' before landing squarely on ` ` stupid ' '
0 sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n ' t generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
1 a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed - up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
1 , the film is less the cheap thriller you ' d expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters - - damaged - goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
0 give a spark to ` ` chasing amy ' ' and ` ` changing lanes ' ' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer ' s new action film , ` ` the sum of all fears
1 almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like ` ` the addams family ' ' to everyone looking in . . . ` ` my big fat greek wedding ' ' comes from the heart
0 j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she ' s a pretty woman , but she ' s no working girl
1 it ' s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it ' s what makes their project so interesting
1 the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier ' s oft - brilliant safe conduct ( ` ` laissez - passer ' ' ) wears its heart on its sleeve
1 filmmakers dana janklowicz - mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world ' s democracie
1 despite the predictable parent vs . child coming - of - age theme , first - class , natural acting and a look at ` ` the real americans ' ' make this a charmer .
1 that rare movie that works on any number of levels - - as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
1 notwithstanding my problem with the movie ' s final half hour , i ' m going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
0 that the jury who bestowed star hoffman ' s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 ' s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
0 downright transparent is the script ' s endless assault of embarrassingly ham - fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a ` ` cooler ' ' pg - 13 rating .
1 some of the most ravaging , gut - wrenching , frightening war scenes since ` ` saving private ryan ' ' have been recreated by john woo in this little - known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
1 hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie ' s political ramifications .
1 is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ' ve ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
1 the delicious trimmings . . . arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute . . . with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind ' s liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
1 a headline - fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar ' s time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
1 the first 2 / 3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . .
1 beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
1 the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what ' s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo - educational stuff we all ca n ' t stand .
0 with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer ' s film never settles into the light - footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
0 some of the characters die and others do n ' t , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares
1 nicole holofcener ' s lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women ' s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick - flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
0 is mostly a lump of run - of - the - mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office - - or trying to win over a probation officer
1 there are n ' t too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but ` ` elling ' ' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year ' s most enjoyable releases .
0 what madonna does here ca n ' t properly be called acting - - more accurately , it ' s moving and it ' s talking and it ' s occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
1 in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
1 i do n ' t know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a - list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he ' s made at least one damn fine horror movie
1 birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie ' s darker turns .
1 is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
0 typical anime , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the ' 60s ) , a complex sword - and - sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
1 cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life - - wherever it takes you
1 writer - director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster ' s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
0 the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so - five - minutes - ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna - barbera charm .
1 compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
1 if s & m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it ' s to this film ' s ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that ' s exactly what these two people need to find each other - - and themselves .
1 a compelling coming - of - age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother ' s hold over her .
1 chronicle not only of one man ' s quest to be president , but of how that man single - handedly turned a plane full of hard - bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign ' s end , an extended publicity department .
0 while scorsese ' s bold images and generally smart casting ensure that ` ` gangs ' ' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that ' s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
0 this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
0 give a spark to ` ` chasing amy ' ' and ` ` changing lanes ' ' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer ' s new action film , ` `
0 some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
0 is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp - - a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self - examination .
1 so it ' s not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
1 should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
0 the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all - too - familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality
0 a movie that harps on media - constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self . . . this orgasm ( wo n ' t be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people .
1 even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
0 or maybe ` ` how will you feel after an 88 - minute rip - off of the rock with action confined to slo - mo gun firing and random glass - shattering ? ' '
1 a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world ' s reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
0 mattei ' s underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp - - a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self - examination .
1 the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
0 the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water - bound action over the land - based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
1 i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
0 that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men - - promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed
0 is that those responsible did n ' t cut their losses - - and ours - - and retitle it the adventures of direct - to - video nash , and send it to its proper home
1 an old - fashioned drama of substance about a teacher ' s slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
0 the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self - consciously poetic and forced . . . it ' s a pity that ( nelson ' s ) achievement does n ' t match his ambition .
1 more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming - liang , which is good news to anyone who ' s fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director ' s previous films .
0 like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content - - except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
0 ' s as lumpy as two - day old porridge . . . the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this ` ` un - bear - able ' ' project
0 ' ve had more interesting - - and , dare i say , thematically complex - - bowel movements than this long - on - the - shelf , point - and - shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
1 , though , there is a really cool bit - - the movie ' s conception of a future - world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
1 as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
0 ' ve had more interesting - - and , dare i say , thematically complex - - bowel movements than this long - on - the - shelf , point - and - shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
1 this familiar rise - and - fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it ' s told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
1 sure , it ' s contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it ' s never as solid as you want it to be
0 ' s mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliche atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo ' s ) best work .
0 godard ' s ode to tackling life ' s wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that ' s unfocused and tediously exasperating
1 when it ' s not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , ` ` real women have curves ' ' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy - drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she ' ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
1 in the director ' s cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all - enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
0 has about 3 / 4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor - - but it ' s a rushed , slapdash , sequel - for - the - sake - of - a - sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
0 , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n ' t generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
1 delivers what it promises : a look at the ` ` wild ride ' ' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
1 the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
1 if s & m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it ' s to this film ' s ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that ' s exactly what these two people need to find each other - - and themselves
0 an uneven look into a grim future that does n ' t come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories .
0 has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme - sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky ` ` pretty woman ' ' retread , with the emphasis on self - empowering schmaltz and big - wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
0 the film runs on a little longer than it needs to - - muccino either does n ' t notice when his story ends or just ca n ' t tear himself away from the characters - - but it ' s smooth and professional .
1 while there ' s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo ' s dumbed - down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
1 muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
1 has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n ' t seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
0 the film runs on a little longer than it needs to - - muccino either does n ' t notice when his story ends or just ca n ' t tear himself away from the characters
0 the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it ' s not as obnoxious as tom green ' s freddie got fingered .
0 you come away thinking not only that kate is n ' t very bright , but that she has n ' t been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly - - an all - woman dysfunctional family - - deserve one another .
0 here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp - - a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self - examination .
0 in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole - ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
1 the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one - night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
0 ' s hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self - satisfied 22 - year - old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self - satisfied 18 - year - old mistress
1 ' ' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy - drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she ' ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
0 this rather unfocused , all - over - the - map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor .
1 is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child ' s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
0 to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean - spirited , and there ' s no indication that he ' s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
0 it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle - age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag .
1 confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
1 the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
1 makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student ' s self - esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
0 a sad and rote exercise in milking a played - out idea - - a straight guy has to dress up in drag - - that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
1 caruso sometimes descends into sub - tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
0 we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ' ll wind up together , and michele ' s spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
1 real women have curves ' ' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy - drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she ' ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
1 this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip - flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
0 is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and / or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
0 the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard ' s ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self - righteousness of his voice .
1 borrows a bit from the classics ` ` wait until dark ' ' and ` ` extremities ' ' . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
0 as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster ' s path of destruction .
1 the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl - meets - girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen ' s romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
1 jae - eun jeong ' s take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming - of - age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
1 the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty - - and as emotionally grand as life .
1 broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men - - promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
1 ' d take ( its ) earnest errors and hard - won rewards over the bombastic self - glorification of other feel - good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor ' s club any time .
0 come away thinking not only that kate is n ' t very bright , but that she has n ' t been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly - - an all - woman dysfunctional family - - deserve one another
0 it ' s a feel - bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot - button items in the viewer ' s face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
0 it ' s rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from ` ` promising ' ' to ` ` interesting ' ' to ` ` familiar ' ' before landing squarely on ` ` stupid ' ' .
0 irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence ' s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho - tep ' s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
0 is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp - - a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self - examination
0 director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
1 miyazaki ' s nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout
1 plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
1 i do n ' t know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a - list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he ' s made at least one damn fine horror movie .
0 the great pity is that those responsible did n ' t cut their losses - - and ours - - and retitle it the adventures of direct - to - video nash , and send it to its proper home .
0 full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie - industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre ' s definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
0 yes , i suppose it ' s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture - perfect life - - but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n ' t
1 this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour - and - a - half
0 thinking not only that kate is n ' t very bright , but that she has n ' t been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly - - an all - woman dysfunctional family - - deserve one another
1 from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character ' s lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n ' t be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron
0 in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r & d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24 / 7 .
0 the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water - bound action over the land - based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged
1 ( jeff ' s ) gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams ' s melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self - indulgent .
0 a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
1 the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian - language soundtrack
0 have all the suspense of a 20 - car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through - - if kaos had n ' t blown them all up .
0 has this sneaky feel to it - - as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
0 the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper ' s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n ' t feel much for damon / bourne or his predicament
0 is the script ' s endless assault of embarrassingly ham - fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a ` ` cooler ' ' pg - 13 rating .
1 argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out - to - change - the - world aggressiveness to the project , as if she ' s cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
0 ( t ) he script is n ' t up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi ' s now - cliched vampire accent .
0 it ' s a bad sign when you ' re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it ' s indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
0 was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one )
1 when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard - driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we ' d live in if argento ' s hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve .
1 the film runs on a little longer than it needs to - - muccino either does n ' t notice when his story ends or just ca n ' t tear himself away from the characters - - but it ' s smooth and professional
0 mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliche atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo ' s ) best work
1 the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n ' t as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
1 mr . clooney , mr . kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure - fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
0 never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n ' t compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
0 has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme - sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky ` ` pretty woman ' ' retread , with the emphasis on self - empowering schmaltz and big - wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
1 this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
1 is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy - drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she ' ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
0 woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the ` ` saving private ryan ' ' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
1 its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people ' s lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
1 it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade - grubbers to shame .
0 it ' s a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix ' s .
0 no , i do n ' t know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
1 do n ' t feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it ' s a dish that ' s best served cold .
1 after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it ' s a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
0 is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition - - wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text - - when it ' s really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
1 is the rare common - man artist who ' s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex - - and , as it turns out , more fragile - - than happiness .
0 as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters - generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you ' d expect from the guy - in - a - dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved
1 , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no - nonsense human beings they are and for the still - inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
1 , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s . c . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
1 a coming - of - age film that avoids the cartoonish cliches and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type - - the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
1 arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute . . . with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind ' s liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two
1 ' s a film that ' s destined to win a wide summer audience through word - of - mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio ' s animated classics .
0 . . . blade ii is still top - heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
1 evokes the style and flash of the double - cross that made mamet ' s ` ` house of games ' ' and last fall ' s ` ` heist ' ' so much fun .
0 city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula - - which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
1 a chronicle not only of one man ' s quest to be president , but of how that man single - handedly turned a plane full of hard - bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign ' s end , an extended publicity department .
0 it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity - - director clare peploe ' s misunderstanding of marivaux ' s rhythms , and mira sorvino ' s limitations as a classical actress .
1 a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love - hate relationship
0 mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
1 satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it ' s encouraging to see a three - dimensional , average , middle - aged woman ' s experience of self - discovery handled with such sensitivity .
0 will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
1 the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and - - on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity - - this quality band may pick up new admirers .
0 while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n ' t give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde ' s wit and the actors ' performances .
1 like mike is n ' t going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net
1 work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds
0 director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime ' s uninspired send - up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks
0 the film runs on a little longer than it needs to - - muccino either does n ' t notice when his story ends or just ca n ' t tear himself away from the characters - - but
1 better to go in knowing full well what ' s going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
0 it ' s rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that ' s good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that ' s just too boring and obvious
0 this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '
0 , all - over - the - map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor .
1 so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
1 to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self - preservation
0 further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense - spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one - trick pony - - a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
1 has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n ' t seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
1 the film has the high - buffed gloss and high - octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it ' s also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
1 ' s lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women ' s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick - flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
0 rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from ` ` promising ' ' to ` ` interesting ' ' to ` ` familiar ' ' before landing squarely on ` ` stupid ' '
1 along the way - - myriad signs , if you will - - that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes
0 time literally stops on a dime in the tries - so - hard - to - be - cool ` ` clockstoppers , ' ' but that does n ' t mean it still wo n ' t feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie - going life .
0 , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n ' t - she - cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
0 crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster ' s path of destruction .
1 we ' ve seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world ' s greatest teacher .
1 girls ca n ' t swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it ' s a worthy entry in the french coming - of - age genre .
1 huppert ' s show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker ' s creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women ' s augustine
0 by no means a slam - dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
1 this movie may not have the highest production values you ' ve ever seen , but it ' s the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
1 e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14 - year - old robert macnaughton , 6 - year - old drew barrymore and 10 - year - old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
1 is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
1 both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people - - flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
0 the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60 - second homage to one of demme ' s good films does n ' t bode well for the rest of it .
1 all right , so it ' s not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
0 weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n ' t unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
1 hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
1 david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control - - driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
0 all - over - the - map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor .
0 was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle ' s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
0 imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .
1 though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
0 this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well - made b movie is long gone .
1 that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first - rate ) . . .
0 more interesting - - and , dare i say , thematically complex - - bowel movements than this long - on - the - shelf , point - and - shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
0 the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre - - the gangster / crime comedy - - that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie - specific cliches is n ' t exactly endearing .
1 , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control - - driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
1 one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that does n ' t hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
1 most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; ` ` frailty ' ' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
0 high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine / legal mystery , and that ' s because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old - hat province of male intrigue .
0 with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it ' s impossible to care who wins .
0 not counting a few gross - out comedies i ' ve been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
1 whether or not you ' re enlightened by any of derrida ' s lectures on ` ` the other ' ' and ` ` the self , ' ' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
1 there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n ' t mean you have to check your brain at the door .
0 that kate is n ' t very bright , but that she has n ' t been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly - - an all - woman dysfunctional family - - deserve one another
1 j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she ' s a pretty woman , but she ' s no working girl .
1 goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n ' t manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
1 a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story - - a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
0 time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
1 drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer - fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
1 leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie . . . without neglecting character development for even one minute .
1 american musical comedy as we know it would n ' t exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun - for - fun ' s - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
1 steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
0 interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real - time roots .
1 schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top - notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) ,
1 huppert ' s show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker ' s creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women ' s augustine .
1 it ' s . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
1 the rock is destined to be the 21st century ' s new ` ` conan ' ' and that he ' s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean - claud van damme or steven segal .
0 the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all - too - familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .
0 never does ` ` lilo & stitch ' ' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney ' s great past , or even that of more recent successes such as ` ` mulan ' ' or ` ` tarzan . ' '
1 be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie ' s various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie ' s most admirable quality
1 just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel - good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
0 have all the suspense of a 20 - car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through - - if kaos had n ' t blown them all up
1 light the candles , bring out the cake and do n ' t fret about the calories because there ' s precious little substance in birthday girl - - it ' s simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
0 another iteration of what ' s become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally ` ` superior ' ' friends , family . . .
1 the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one - night swim turns into an ocean of trouble
1 quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year . . . a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n ' t afraid to admit it does n ' t have all the answers .
1 , ` ` real women have curves ' ' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy - drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she ' ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
0 an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
1 , the seesawing of the general ' s fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach - knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
0 one thing ' s for sure - - if george romero had directed this movie , it would n ' t have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
1 ( ` ` take care of my cat ' ' ) is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
1 what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video - game - based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
1 though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia ' s true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
0 a plotline that ' s as lumpy as two - day old porridge . . . the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this ` ` un - bear - able ' ' project !
1 it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul ' s - eye view of how well - meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
0 like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content - - except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
0 this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie
0 the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it ' s also too stupid to realize that they ' ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
0 many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n ' t think that a . c . will help this movie one bit
1 it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n ' t stop die - hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big - screen experience
1 ( kline ' s ) utterly convincing - - and deeply appealing - - as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n ' t quite live up to it .
1 thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
1 stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
1 , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour - and - a - half .
1 sure , it ' s contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it ' s never as solid as you want it to be .
0 the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she ' s never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
1 the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react
1 only of one man ' s quest to be president , but of how that man single - handedly turned a plane full of hard - bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign ' s end , an extended publicity department
1 despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n ' t - she - cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
1 though jackson does n ' t always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
0 of its spry 2001 predecessor - - but it ' s a rushed , slapdash , sequel - for - the - sake - of - a - sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
0 has about 3 / 4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor - - but it ' s a rushed , slapdash , sequel - for - the - sake - of - a - sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
1 by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip - flop .
0 it ' s better suited for the history or biography channel , but there ' s no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
1 rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen ' s devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut - wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
0 i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
0 seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt - of - the - earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
1 the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true ` ` us ' ' versus ` ` them ' ' .
0 about 3 / 4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor - - but it ' s a rushed , slapdash , sequel - for - the - sake - of - a - sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
0 ( lin chung ' s ) voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
1 more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming - liang , which is good news to anyone who ' s fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director ' s previous films
1 is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami ' s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
1 for more than two decades mr . nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
0 that those responsible did n ' t cut their losses - - and ours - - and retitle it the adventures of direct - to - video nash , and send it to its proper home
0 the biggest problem with roger avary ' s uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director ' s cut glory , he ' s made a film that ' s barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
0 to better understand why this did n ' t connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n ' t be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough
0 blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme - sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky ` ` pretty woman ' ' retread , with the emphasis on self - empowering schmaltz and big - wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
1 while broomfield ' s film does n ' t capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip - hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
0 . . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six - time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n ' t know what she ' s doing in here . . .
0 , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula - - which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
1 like shrek , spirit ' s visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
0 imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
1 even if you do n ' t know the band or the album ' s songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
0 most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
0 eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n ' t do a load of good .
0 if hill is n ' t quite his generation ' s don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it ' s because there ' s no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it ' s all bluster and cliche .
0 while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale - - like its central figure , vivi - - is just a little bit hard to love .
1 there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
1 as an introduction to the man ' s theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it ' s invaluable .
0 as is often the case with ambitious , eager first - time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
1 ' s hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
0 the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste - - the acres of haute couture ca n ' t quite conceal that there ' s nothing resembling a spine here .
1 reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made - - beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama - - but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
1 its flabbergasting principals , 14 - year - old robert macnaughton , 6 - year - old drew barrymore and 10 - year - old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
0 i ' ve never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach - turning as the way adam sandler ' s new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra ' s classic . . .
1 jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
1 leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
0 will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
1 it ' s better to go in knowing full well what ' s going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
0 a non - britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after - school special you can imagine .
0 tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn - - stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
0 such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words ` ` radical ' ' or ` ` suck ' ' into a sentence .
1 there ' s no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .
1 the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self - preservation .
1 . . . by the time it ' s done with us , mira nair ' s new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
1 parker and co - writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville ' s plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast . . . have made the old boy ' s characters more quick - witted than any english lit
0 what goes on for the 110 minutes of ` ` panic room ' ' is a battle of witlessness between a not - so - bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
0 broomfield has compelling new material but he does n ' t unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
1 this ready - made midnight movie probably wo n ' t stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it ' s goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun .
1 an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences . . . the chateau is a film - - full of life and small delights - - that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
1 now as a former gong show addict , i ' ll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n ' t get more re - creations of all those famous moments from the show .
1 the film delivers what it promises : a look at the ` ` wild ride ' ' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
0 . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 ' s . . . the film ' s ending has a ` ` what was it all for
0 this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why
0 you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self - satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
0 . . . built on the premise that middle - class arkansas consists of monster truck - loving good ol ' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
1 . . . the first 2 / 3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . .
1 it ' s a treat - - a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score . . . grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun
0 so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad - movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
1 is destined to be the 21st century ' s new ` ` conan ' ' and that he ' s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean - claud van damme or steven segal .
1 shyamalan offers copious hints along the way - - myriad signs , if you will - - that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
1 it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
0 . . . a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n ' t believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
1 it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
0 ' s the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working - class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful
0 assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it ' s also too stupid to realize that they ' ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
1 there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei ' s love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note .
0 what ' s really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that ' s tv sitcom material at best .
1 may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
1 mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
1 combines sharp comedy , old - fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that ' s not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
1 as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide - eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
0 the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she ' s never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard
1 . . . makes a great impression as the writer - director of this little $ 1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting - edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
0 blade ii is still top - heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
0 true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
1 the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n ' t as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
0 the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film ' s producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy
1 singer / composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs - - a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story - - but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
0 ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
0 the star who helped give a spark to ` ` chasing amy ' ' and ` ` changing lanes ' ' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer ' s new action film , ` ` the sum of all fears
0 director elie chouraqui , who co - wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you ' re going to subjugate truth to the tear - jerking demands of soap opera ?
0 it ' s a bad sign when you ' re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it ' s indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
0 tykwer ' s surface flash is n ' t just a poor fit with kieslowski ' s lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski ' s work aspired to , including the condition of art .
1 more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
1 is destined to be the 21st century ' s new ` ` conan ' ' and that he ' s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean - claud van damme or steven segal
0 do n ' t really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three - hour endurance test built around an hour ' s worth of actual material
1 while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches - - ever so gracefully - - on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
0 from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt - of - the - earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
0 this low - rent - - and even lower - wit - - rip - off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy - - and in a relatively short amount of time .
1 a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n ' t seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
0 for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words ` ` radical ' ' or ` ` suck ' ' into a sentence .
0 i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
0 to better understand why this did n ' t connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n ' t be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough .
1 p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
0 i ca n ' t begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . .
0 it made me realize that we really have n ' t had a good cheesy b - movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week ' s reign of fire .
0 does n ' t trust laughs - - and does n ' t conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead - undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
1 the byplay and bickering between the now spy - savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give - and - take .
1 if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he ' s the god of second chances ' does n ' t put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
1 ' s a film that ' s destined to win a wide summer audience through word - of - mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio ' s animated classics
1 the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director / co - writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
1 even if you do n ' t know the band or the album ' s songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century
0 is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and / or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
1 should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
1 it ' s too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise - - an unpleasant debate that ' s been given the drive of a narrative and that ' s been acted out - - the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
0 one thing ' s for sure - - if george romero had directed this movie , it would n ' t have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
1 a meatier deeper beginning and / or ending would have easily tipped this film into the ` ` a ' ' range , as is , it ' s a very very strong ` ` b + . ' '
1 that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first - rate )
0 why sit through a crummy , wannabe - hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
0 more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not - very - funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last - minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run
1 after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no - nonsense human beings they are and for the still - inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
1 solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh ' s best films , ` ` erin brockovich , ' ' ` ` out of sight ' ' and ` ` ocean ' s eleven , ' ' never were .
1 a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed - up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
0 . . . while dark water is n ' t a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side - by - side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
1 in addition to hoffman ' s powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
1 from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women ' s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick - flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
1 the emperor ' s club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie - making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
1 ( clooney ' s ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
1 is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co - writer / director peter jackson ' s expanded vision of j . r . r . tolkien ' s middle - earth
1 how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
1 care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self - satisfied 22 - year - old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self - satisfied 18 - year - old mistress
1 the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian - language soundtrack .
0 does n ' t trust laughs - - and does n ' t conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead - undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
1 the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
1 is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip - flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
0 the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n ' t waste their time on it
0 build some robots , haul ' em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst - - and only - - killer website movie of this or any other year
1 sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' .
1 assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he ' s witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him
1 coppola ' s directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
0 one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it ' s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek ' s self - conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
0 , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop - music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
1 not only of one man ' s quest to be president , but of how that man single - handedly turned a plane full of hard - bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign ' s end , an extended publicity department
0 it ' s all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it ' s all about the silences and if you ' re into that , have at it .
1 directed with purpose and finesse by england ' s roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
0 ' s quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge - pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind - tunnel and a simply astounding cor - blimey - luv - a - duck cockney accent .
0 it ' s a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n ' t offer any insights that have n ' t been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - ' 90s
1 the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live - style parody , ' 70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
1 a film that ' s destined to win a wide summer audience through word - of - mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio ' s animated classics
0 it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence ' s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho - tep ' s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
1 the seesawing of the general ' s fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach - knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
0 meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter ' s the thing and loaded with actors you ' re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat
1 while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you ' ve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
1 until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden ' s spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
0 realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self - caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
1 star / producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character ' s paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
1 be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra - provincial new yorker if 26 - year - old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old - fashioned hollywood magic
1 in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
1 started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
1 creates a drama with such a well - defined sense of place and age - - as in , 15 years old - - that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
0 demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n ' t disguise that he ' s spiffing up leftovers that are n ' t so substantial or fresh
1 as an intellectual exercise - - an unpleasant debate that ' s been given the drive of a narrative and that ' s been acted out - - the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
0 , i do n ' t know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
1 cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life - - wherever it takes you .
1 shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major - league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that ' s scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives
0 for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1 / 2 - hour running time .
0 normally , rohmer ' s talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
1 skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids - in - peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
1 created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n ' t seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
1 wo n ' t be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world ' s best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
1 if you open yourself up to mr . reggio ' s theory of this imagery as the movie ' s set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
0 ' s mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliche atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo ' s ) best work
0 that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and / or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
1 is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what ' s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo - educational stuff we all ca n ' t stand
0 is the sort of low - grade dreck that usually goes straight to video - - with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
0 build some robots , haul ' em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst - - and only - - killer website movie of this or any other year .
1 lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
0 it ' s all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it ' s all about the silences and if you ' re into that , have at it
1 tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self - assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
0 walked out muttering words like ` ` horrible ' ' and ` ` terrible , ' ' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n ' t mind the ticket cost .
0 city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula - - which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast
1 there ' s none of the happily - ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage - - and that ' s part of what makes dover kosashvili ' s outstanding feature debut so potent .
0 ca n ' t begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents . . .
1 what ( frei ) gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war - - far more often than the warfare itself - - to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
0 can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard ' s ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self - righteousness of his voice .
0 do n ' t need to know your ice - t ' s from your cool - j ' s to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california
0 a plotline that ' s as lumpy as two - day old porridge . . . the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this ` ` un - bear - able ' ' project
1 with a large cast representing a broad cross - section , tavernier ' s film bounds along with the rat - a - tat energy of ` ` his girl friday , ' ' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
0 sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
0 an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy - looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
1 schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top - notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
1 the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first - rate performance by top - billed star bruce willis .
0 it was n ' t the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film . . . it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , ` ` wait a second , did i miss something ? ' '
1 offers copious hints along the way - - myriad signs , if you will - - that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
0 i ' ve had more interesting - - and , dare i say , thematically complex - - bowel movements than this long - on - the - shelf , point - and - shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
0 will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
0 while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie ' s lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he ' s unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
0 there ' s a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film ' s simple title .
0 the ` true story ' by which all the queen ' s men is allegedly ` ` inspired ' ' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what ' s been cobbled together onscreen
1 director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime ' s uninspired send - up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
1 before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg ' s adaptation of mary gaitskill ' s harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
0 a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art - house crowd , the burning sensation is n ' t a definitive counter - cultural document - - its makers are n ' t removed and inquisitive enough for that
1 the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . could n ' t be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
1 terrific as nadia , a russian mail - order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it ' s kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
0 the star who helped give a spark to ` ` chasing amy ' ' and ` ` changing lanes ' ' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer ' s new action film , ` ` the sum of all fears . ' '
0 has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children ' s home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3 - year - olds find it diverting .
0 our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all - night tequila bender - - and i know this because i ' ve seen ` jackass : the movie . '
1 ' s . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts
0 a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let ' s get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
0 while the film is competent , it ' s also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
0 while you have to admit it ' s semi - amusing to watch robert deniro belt out ` ` when you ' re a jet , you ' re a jet all the way , ' ' it ' s equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to ` ` tonight . ' '
0 come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt - of - the - earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
0 like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain - deadening hangover .
1 there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei ' s love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
0 this is the sort of low - grade dreck that usually goes straight to video - - with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
1 sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney ' s darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
1 this movie may not have the highest production values you ' ve ever seen , but it ' s the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
0 do n ' t really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three - hour endurance test built around an hour ' s worth of actual material .
0 is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not - very - funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last - minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
0 - - that the ` true story ' by which all the queen ' s men is allegedly ` ` inspired ' ' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what ' s been cobbled together onscreen .
0 as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters - generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you ' d expect from the guy - in - a - dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
0 there ' s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo ' s dumbed - down tactics )
1 the otherwise good - naturedness of mr . deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than - likely new york celebrities . . . certainly raises the film above anything sandler ' s been attached to before .
1 ( kline ' s ) utterly convincing - - and deeply appealing - - as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n ' t quite live up to it
1 whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
0 despite its hawaiian setting , the science - fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of ` ` lilo ' ' could have been pulled from a tear - stained vintage shirley temple script .
0 a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real - life 19th - century crime as a metaphor for - - well , i ' m not exactly sure what - - and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
0 have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one - liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
1 most consumers of lo mein and general tso ' s chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
0 ` ` based on true events , ' ' a convolution of language that suggests it ' s impossible to claim that it is ` ` based on a true story ' ' with a straight face .
0 the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science - fiction horror film , and the movie ' s fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
0 most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
0 if you ' re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - - - decasia
0 its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider ' s performance is so fine , it ' s a real shame that so much of the movie - - again , as in the animal - - is a slapdash mess .
0 fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
1 reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self - caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
1 offers copious hints along the way - - myriad signs , if you will - - that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes
1 above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large - screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
1 clint eastwood ' s blood work is a lot like a well - made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises - - but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
0 hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self - satisfied 22 - year - old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self - satisfied 18 - year - old mistress
0 directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two - hour - and - fifteen - minute length .
1 while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener ' s film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
0 is the sort of low - grade dreck that usually goes straight to video - - with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
1 leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie . . . without neglecting character development for even one minute
0 with a ` ` spy kids ' ' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a ` ` snl ' ' has - been acting like an 8 - year - old channeling roberto benigni ?
0 carrying this wafer - thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
1 ` possession , ' based on the book by a . s . byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head - on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
1 jones . . . makes a great impression as the writer - director of this little $ 1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting - edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
1 though writer / director bart freundlich ' s film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent - child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup ' s anchoring performance .
1 more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
1 would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra - provincial new yorker if 26 - year - old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old - fashioned hollywood magic .
1 a weird little movie that ' s amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . ' s show - biz and media subcultures .
1 the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz - mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
0 even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n ' t fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary ' s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
0 you do n ' t need to know your ice - t ' s from your cool - j ' s to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california .
1 the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co - writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh ' s book trainspotting .
0 what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their ' 70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
0 . . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 ' s . . . the film ' s ending has a ` ` what was it all for ?
1 talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way - - and yet it ' s hard to stop watching .
1 the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham ' s novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
1 to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life - - wherever it takes you
0 rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there is n ' t an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it ' s simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
1 stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
1 that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami ' s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
0 post - september 11 , ` ` the sum of all fears ' ' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
0 , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
1 if ` ` lilo & stitch ' ' is n ' t the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since ` ` dumbo ' ' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
1 if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it - - the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you ' re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
1 over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
1 , i ' d take ( its ) earnest errors and hard - won rewards over the bombastic self - glorification of other feel - good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor ' s club any time .
1 despite besson ' s high - profile name being wasabi ' s big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film ' s thoroughly winning tone .
1 robert harmon ' s less - is - more approach delivers real bump - in - the - night chills - - his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film ' s thick shadows
1 the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self - deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .
0 the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science - fiction horror film , and the movie ' s fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
0 offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all - inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves
1 a hugely rewarding experience that ' s every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant ' s two best films - - four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones ' s diary .
1 wo n ' t be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world ' s best actors , daniel auteuil ,
1 has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
1 ` it ' s better to go in knowing full well what ' s going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
0 yes , i suppose it ' s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture - perfect life - - but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so
0 tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six - time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n ' t know what she ' s doing in here
0 if george romero had directed this movie , it would n ' t have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
1 as they used to say in the 1950s sci - fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan ' s gifts , which are such that we ' ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
0 , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n ' t unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
0 the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
0 it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
0 one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman ' s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 ' s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
0 unfortunately , kapur modernizes a . e . w . mason ' s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks ` ` the four feathers ' ' bare .
1 more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison ' s iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
