0 my husband and i had our wedding reception there , and the service was terrible . my guests staying at the hotel did not like the rooms either , they could hear whats happening next door .
0 cool marina style bar , however the food is seriously lacking . can ' t stress this enough , a $ 10 burger should be something special . go for a hh drink and grab in - n - out on the way home .
1 i love bringing my doggy here ! he isn ' t fond of other dogs , but the staff is always there to help !
1 i have never eaten a bad meal here . \ nconsistently good and always delicious . \ nno alcohol permit : ( but great moroccan mint tea !
0 horribly dry chicken and fish . we ' ll never return . i ' d give zero stars if i could . service lacking as well .
1 this place is very good . great scallops , clams . very friendly and a nice portion of food . to bad not open on sundays
1 received great service for my entire family , loved the atmosphere and the staff . they were very attentive and the drinks and food were delicious . definitely will come back next time i am in vegas .
0 had bad experience here . bad servers . come here for a friend birthday party , and no servers took care of us . and we got a large group of people too . so disappointment .
1 really deilsh ! chinese and japanese foods are both on the menu . we had 4 at dinner and ordered too much food ! i was all really tasty . do not pass up the chance to dine at ta ta ' s
0 do not order delivery . i ' ve ordered delivery from them twice . first time 90 minutes , second time 2 . 5 hours ! no apology , nothing . will not be going back .
0 cool ambiance . good appetizers . don ' t order the short rib unless a ) you like every bite to be either fatty or dry / charred , and b ) you like your grits lukewarm and creamy .
1 i am italian and hard to please when it comes to authentic food . i would recommend this place to the fussiest eaters . just like mama and nana made . no processed food here . place is small , but quaint and clean .
0 i thought most all the food was awful . definitely not worth the money . much of it tasted over salted or just not fresh . . . like it was sitting out too long . would definitely not go back .
1 great place ! the staff is friendly , the store is clean and the process in quick . a little pricy but worth it .
0 it was fine . the food was ok but i ' ve certainly had better and fresher thai food elsewhere . i would not go back .
0 friendly staff , excellent spicy chicken , used an entertainment coupon for bogo free meal . restaurant could use a deep cleaning as its quite aged . but love their spicy chicken tenders with extra louisiana hot sauce .
0 found a place plastic coated wire in my food delivered last night . i ' m disgusted and will never eat this food again !
0 wellsfargo is ok but this location is the worst . so many rules as a business customer is ridiculous . looking into changing banks . funny how i have issues with the same guy everytime .
1 hayley did my nails for 5 years ! she is amazing ! the staff was always very friendly and helpful ! it was super clean and they always offered me a beverage ! ! 5 stars for sure ! ! ! !
0 i had tonkatsu curry few days ago . they serve me a rock hard tonkatsu that i have couldn ' t chew on !
1 great breakfast spot in scottsdale . awesome menu selections , helpful staff , and fast service . !
0 not as good as i expected . the food was ok but not crazily yummy like shown on triple ds
1 love bagels and they have the best in town . great deli and really yummy nova cream cheese . wait staff is friendly . go early because they get busy for breakfast . looking forward to trying lunch next time .
0 if you want inattentive service and the worst wedge salad in arizona nimbus is open 7 days a week . very disappointed with this experience and the apathy shown towards us when we addressed our concerns . they did at least comp the salad .
1 great store ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! stuart berger is the greatest !
1 very calm and quiet atmosphere . had their absolutely amazing polpette to start and followed with one of the best pizzas my tastebuds have ever had . can ' t wait to go back !
0 i thought it was pricey for the product . service was slow and the server blamed the the bar staff ? many better chioces that are locally grown .
1 very extensive product knowledge & selection . tim & brenda are extremely helpful , and will work with you to make sure your finished product is exactly what you had imagined !
1 the apple store is great ! no only do they have awesome products , but super customer service . always friendly faces here ! !
0 food was way overpriced for the taste . beans overcooked . tortillas seemed stale . server was horrible . avoid this place . dont waste ur $ . sorry bout iiiiit .
0 long wait , poor service and average food at best really took the wind out of what had been a fun morning at the strip . will not be back .
1 absolutely the best restaurant ! ! ! try the caramel pork chop & lobster . . the view is spectacular .
1 this place is top notch and food is as good as you can get . i haven ' t been disappointed yet , and at this rate i don ' t think i ever will be .
1 best pulled pork in town ! you have to try the sexy fries . . . and do it when you can sit on the back patio and have a few drinks . the bartenders are usually crabby but the servers are always awesome !
0 sin city burger was extremely over cooked and had a weird sauce . smash fries were the only good part of the meal .
0 very slow service and so so food . good looking menu but will not be back .
1 fresh , tasty , excllent service . carna asada , carnitas , fajitas all good .
1 great food ! i had the turkey an cranberry on a pretzel bun , and my wife had the thai cobb salad , both were awesome !
0 even in late night the place is full . \ n \ nthere is too many people endless place to work out . \ n \ nthey have to make this place bigger .
0 the service was slow . the waiter got our drink order wrong . the food was a bit on the tasteless side . not worth the price .
1 great safe and cool place . every kind of dancer you can imagine . . .
1 well we came back . . . \ nperfect o this time cristofer the bartender awesome . . . . . li juego e always . . \ ngood food nice people this time
1 we missed the first venue but had a great time at every other place . it was worth the price and would recommend it to everyone who wants to check out multiple bars !
1 absolutely the best in az . owner is always available and the readily take care of customer . i have referred all my coworkers . no complaints from anyone .
0 not the typical nathan ' s quality and ridiculously overpriced . $ 28 for two people . no thanks .
1 teenage girls are much more label aware . . . even than their mommies . \ n \ ndecent clothes for a casual girl who likes shorts , this is my daughter ' s favorite clothing store .
1 needed my camera fixed . they repaired it in less than an hour . great service and reasonable prices !
0 city noth = westgate = kierland commons = tempe marketplace = boring , depressing , place unworthy of affection
0 this racist and fascist rag is a sorry excuse for a newspaper . it ' s a crying shame that some people trust this for their news .
1 5 stars food was good . service was great ! ! definitely a must try . place is very clean .
0 food is a little bland , not much variety , go there for the coffee if your forced to kill some time .
0 4 hours of agony from food poisoning later , don ' t go to this location folks . take it from my stomach .
0 i am usually very positive about reviews and complementary about employees . unfortunately , i made the decision of visiting this establishment tonight . if the business wishes to flourish , make some changes very soon .
1 sometimes things happen , and when they do this is the place where you want them taken care of . the orthopedics department and trauma department have some of the best , and nicest doctors you ' ll find in the state .
0 unless there is a sale i don ' t shop here . high prices and too few checkout lanes open makes fry ' s across the street a better experience and at cheaper cost .
1 excellent food . portions are huge . too much to eat in one sitting .
1 i got a full set with glitter gel and i love them . they were super friendly and i will definitely be back .
0 bad bad service at least for us . pretty bad . wont go back . for a newly opened place you would think they would try a bit harder .
1 good location , nice atmosphere good prices big 32 oz beers . good bar food . friendly staff . lots of tvs .
1 excellent bagel sandwich . . . so many menu items to chose from , and the quality is delicious . funky space , good service , highly recommend .
0 i don ' t know if the owner changed but the service was horrible . we had to keep asking for our hot tea . it didn ' t come until we were half way done with our meal .
0 i walked in & literally walked right out . \ n \ nnot my cup of tea . . . . . . or beer .
0 unless i missed something today , this place appears to be closed . i was looking for enchiladas in this area and it ' s close to home but had never been before . was i in the right place ?
1 always will get my tires at discount . service and prices pretty much are hard to beat . the staff is always helpful , friendly and knows tires . highly recommend them !
1 charlotte institution that has gained all my business since the ugly penguin divorce happened .
1 i would definitely come back . service was great . the greeter was very traditional & attentive . the selection is good for any type of sushi eater . spicy garlic edamame is good also .
1 wish they had later classes but th gym is clean and the staff is nice . it smells a little like rubber but doesn ' t stink . over all i find this better than la fitness for what it offered at its price .
1 we love liliana ' s , especially for breakfast . bottomless mimosas this morning were amazing and the crab cakes benedict were predictably amazing .
0 its okay , i was not really sold on the whole idea that their pizza is similar to that of the quality of pizza from back east . and i also don ' t know why they insist on giving ranch with every order .
1 olives provided a perfect evening . the food was exceptional and the outdoor seating overlooking the fountains provided the ideal ambience . beautiful !
0 slow service . flavors certainly didn ' t come together with the scallops , except just too peppery . the rice side was bland , and the asparagus are tiny twigs . even the pink lemonade was just too bitter . very disappointed .
1 veteran owned and staff . very friendly and professional . you get your own instructor and they seem to really enjoy coaching you on each gun . i would go back in a heartbeat .
1 excellent food , good customer care , but they need to cleanup the ambience to make more family restaurant .
0 typical overpriced tourist trap . anyone who has ever been to sea world will be disappointed . skip it .
0 obscene servings . probably perfect for the hangover . interest items , taste okay . good customer service . old style vegas decor .
0 the employees definitely needs more customer service training and problem solving to better serve customers
1 only every had the pizza , when in the area we stop here . just wish it was closer to me . the sauce is unique and wonderful .
1 this is a great chain , we love this place . simple menu , but all the classics are good !
1 i love this salon . sally is always able to accomdate my scheulde and get me in .
0 worst service ever . everyone from the front desk to the service staff made you feel unwelcome and an inconvenience to their night .
0 got sick from here . . . my food came out in about 30 seconds . i should have known .
0 yea , got home and the order was wrong . called and the manager told me i ordered incorrectly . i never said sliders i said sandwich . what a jerk
1 these were good massages and the thing that pushed me over the top was the raining quiet room !
1 it ' s olive garden . you get what you get and that is consistency .
1 placed an order to feed 4 hungry grandkids and myself . ordered hot wings and two pizzas . the delivery was super fast and order was hot and delicious . howie ' s is my pizza and hot wing place from now on .
0 don ' t get the omakase . . . it ' s all the boring stuff . way better choices off the a la carte menu .
1 i ' ve been having my nails and pedicures done here for only a couple of months . so far they have provided great service with good prices .
1 there are hundreds of thai restaurants in the scottsdale , but this has the ingredients of real thai : authentic food , gentle atmosphere , respectful and attentive service . we recommend highly !
1 cool hotel . . very chic and modern . . it attracts a younger crowd . . lots of cool gadgets in the suites . . although it was rarely used as we were there for a bachelor party . .
1 one of the best mexican places i ' ve ever been to ! ! !
1 had a really great food and drinks . menu has lots of variety and the atmosphere is casual . the staff was helpful and knowledgeble . will definately go back !
0 the topping are good . the crust needs work . also expensive . not going back for seconds . . . lol
1 poke stacks all day long ! love this place . u can play board games . they are nice too . plus homeboy filled up my water like 6 times ! can ' t ask for better .
0 i personally don ' t like this place . i ' ve been to a place where the meat is top notch quality and has no nerves so this place doesn ' t really stand up .
1 i ' ve eaten at lemongrass 3 times over the years since aria has been open , and it has always given excellent food and service . great curries !
1 we came here for a walk after dinner . this mall is huge ! plenty of stores and food options . the mall was a great place to get away from the heat .
1 stopped in on a quiet tuesday afternoon to enoy happy hour . excellent service , decent bar food , and great prices ! ! love the comfy couches for lounging ! ! see you again soon ! !
1 this is an oasis in the desert of airport food choices at charlotte . the salad , salmon and flight of mousse were all very good but the sweetness of dessert was surpassed by the sweetness of my server sarah .
0 nice atmosphere , food was bland and not cheap , and service mediocre . i have no problem paying top dollar for an awesome meal . we were extremely disappointed and will not return .
0 don ' t stay here . you have to carry your own luggage up the stairs . no elevator . staff not helpful at all .
1 prime rib that melts in your mouth . \ nand a good price with your connected card . \ nvegas really is a foodie paradise
0 i am from california & this is the worst steak house . i will compared this to sizzler restaurant .
0 my husband had been buying me jewelry here for a few years . they went back on their word about a return . we were there to exchange and buy more , now they have lost our business for good .
0 very bad salon bad attitude they make customer wait for so long . i just needed a design on my nail they made me wait for an hour i don ' t recommend it at all .
0 expensive drinks and you feel like your sitting in the carpark . 8 bucks for a small jar of guinness and auto gratuity on a table of 10 of us and we ' re just drinking . rip off .
1 good pizza , although there isn ' t much of a selection other than the fact that you could fully customize your own pizza . also , the toppings were a bit pricey in my personal opinion .
0 two stars because the service was good . food was gross though ! mystery meat that i guess was supposed to be steak . it was just nasty ! !
1 lee ' s cream liqueur was delicious and perfect for a treat after lunch . the staff was super friendly and the shop is adorable . i loved it and especially the strawberry margarita ice cream infused with tequila . super tasty !
0 best thing about this place is that it ' s right next to capriotti ' s , forreal . \ n \ ngo get a bobby next door , do yourself the favor .
0 not good . don ' t think i ' ll be coming back here . food is overpriced for the quality . the beef is slimy . and the wait staff doesn ' t pay attention .
0 very very disappointing meal and service . \ ndid not serve what was requested either . \ nhustle you in and out . \ " "
1 a great evening on portland ' s patio with friends , enjoying the best burgers and wines ever . tonight was a champion burger w / parmesan fries - awesome ! ! !
1 stayed in the augustis tower and it was beautiful . nice view of the bellagio . \ n \ nthis is really a resort ! ! theres so much to do ! \ n \ nid stay again if the rate was nice .
1 safelite auto glass is the best service when it comes to repairing or replacing a windshield . fast , courteous service coupled with expert technicians makes the whole process a pleasure . well run company that train their people well .
1 love to eat at nikkos . very delicious sushi and atmosphere is perfect . they need better parking but we always get valet anyways
0 just left had my money returned . awful tasteless . cat fish , greens and peas . dissapointed no soul in that food . greasy fried way to hard . service was indifferent and order was incorrect . left as i arrived , hungry .
0 the food needs improvement ! its not really good and i ' d rather eat at dt ' s
1 now i ' m addicted fresh baked soft pretzels . the business is still new and working out the details , but they do know soft pretzels !
1 bacon dog is crackin ! ! ! \ n \ nme frys and me tots killer breakfast ! ! !
1 granted it was busy that day , but they ran out of hamburgers ! the salad and the service were very good .
1 best tacos in madison hands down ! excellent service . hand made carved booths from jalisco .
1 beautiful airy new location in dc ranch in scottsdale off pima rd ! nice patio and good service from owner and waitresses ! breakfast was the same as other location and look forward to returning on weekend !
1 great fast food ! ! ! yummy chicken ! ! ! ! always superb service ! \ ngreat breakfast too ! ! ! !
0 tried only few things . it ' s very hard not to make good italian sausage sandwich . . . . the same goes for calamari and salad \ nhighly overrated
1 good coffee , good sandwiches , great location and environment . what more to love ? barriques downtown is one of the best coffee shops in madison .
0 i don ' t know why i thought it would be good but it ' s not .
1 stopped in for lunch pick up near work and found the most wonderful people working here . if you are the owner or manager reading this , everyone there on 3 / 27 at noon deserves a big raise !
0 big crooks liars people jim is the biggest thief . he charge for parts that not need to be fix or replacement . watch out people from this place .
1 excellent prices , wonderful basic food , and outstanding service . the wait staff is very efficient and consistent , and i particularly enjoy the potatoes obrien . \ n \ nopen only until 2pm , for breakfast and lunch .
0 not as good as what i expected but the ice tea and ice cream were good
1 great food visit everytime im in vegas one of the greatest breakfast places in town and is super super delicious 6 stars
0 ordered a taco and 2 tamales . the carne asada was slimey and the tamales were small . won ' t eat here again .
0 it ' s a dive bar . went here with friends to watch the packers game and the tv in the other room was lagging , so the cheers or boos happened at different times , which was weird . they had great service !
0 don ' t bother to go to this location . their notary isn ' t on premise regularly and it ' ll be a waste of a trip . terrible service model .
0 would be fun if the staff weren ' t so over bearing . took a fun activity and made it lame . entire business model is around selling you pictures , so be ready to pay out or be kicked out .
1 very impressed with the wide range of dishes chef mayra offers while staying vegan and tasty . loved the fresh fruit bowl and nice drinks as well .
1 amazing experience , my gf and her friend were very impressed with the rooms , very private good price bed is amazing it ' s good for a nice getaway relax abs enjoy the week !
0 update : came here for lunch with a group of 6 . ordered and still waiting for our food after an hour . waitress was not polite at all .
1 the best breakfast spot in tempe - classic greasy spoon done right . not sure why anyone goes anywhere else . good old - school counter , sit there if it ' s too packed !
0 i ordered the spicy shrimp whichis noted as very spicy . it was so not spicy and not flavorful . however i had a nice time inspite of the food . . . . .
1 pretty bomb , \ n \ ntry the pizza thing they have . . . awesome . . .
1 grade : b - \ n \ ncheap drinks . good food . college bar .
1 i have eaten here many more times and each time has been fantastic . their desserts are to die for as well as there cornbread muffins . that honey pepper butter is so delish !
1 again clean and organized . this is my regular mail place and i ' ll never go anywhere else again ! !
1 best latin american food in vegas imho . i don ' t know what they put in that green sauce but i could drink it straight and die happy .
1 i always love pei wei , the food is fresh , there ' s always new variety . this pei wei is always clean , service is fast and friendly .
1 we went again this past weekend , and nothing ' s changed , it ' s still the best damn club on the strip . \ n \ nyou won ' t regret it , i know i don ' t ! = )
1 always a fan and love their food . the 14th street pizza is my favie but this time it tasted different . it was good but it was not great ! ! ! = ( the service was great .
0 awesome place . friendly staff . good prices . oh and their vape selection is amazing even compared to cali . white cloud definitely knows their stuff
1 one word , wow ! the food the staff the ambiance . the fish was so good we just kept ordering and ordering by the end of the night we had every fish on the cart . truly worth every dime .
1 we ' ve always received great service and products at competitive prices . \ nhave bought bedroom set , mattress , rug etc .
0 so i ' ve ordered pizza a couple of times from fuel . both times have asked for extra cheese . must say pretty lame , very thin layer . not worth it , will look for pizza delivery from someone else .
0 breakfast is gross . like airplane food . i can ' t believe it !
1 top notch ! ! everything on the menu is amazing and they make homemade tortillas like in mexico in the corner of the restaurant . the design of the place is unique and very awesome to look at .
0 food is always way over cooked or makes you sick . health inspector needs to do a field day here .
1 great lil mom and pop joint had the chicken gyro and salad . salad was fresh and crisp gyro was tasty
1 amazing attention to detail . rooms and bed are very comfy . very clean and pleasant .
1 first time . very impressed . even for fast lunch , or lunch meeting . i had both . \ nnice and clean . thanks for a nice lunch .
1 it was ultimate yum ! ! always enjoyable and huge portions ! good for leftovers !
1 i ' m not a fan of fast food , but yum ! ! ! ! ! ! only problem you have to take that last bite .
0 should have known better than to eat in a place so dark that you can ' t see the food on your plate . underwhelming and overpriced .
0 i was very unimpressed with the waffles . they were very thin and airy almost like a wafer . no substance taste or texture . thank god for the strawberries or we would have been starving , eggo waffles are better
1 everything they have is amazing . from their homemade bread , to all their fresh fruits and veggies . everyone is super friendly here also . two thumbs up : )
0 only thing open 24 at ny ny \ n \ ndecent service \ nterrible food \ nhigh prices \ n \ nwill not return
0 the 2 elderly attendants are about as useful as a broken umbrella in an hurricane . bathrooms are gross .
1 this show did not disappoint ! everything was perfect and beyond our expectations ! even my husband enjoyed it ! !
0 not worth the money . baked oysters were decent but the fish and chicken were below average
0 i didnt get to go into the salon . i called to make an appointment , and had one set ! when i mentioned the groupon i purchased all of a sudden my appointment was canceled . . . im demanding a refund .
1 ridiculously phenomenal ! ! ! ! don ' t miss out ! you need to go here and experience a flavor explosion in your mouth ! and the best service !
1 i took a chance on this places and boy was i surprised good service and big portions for the price .
1 excellent coffe and the blueberry cream danish is absolutely delicate and to die for ! yummm !
1 spice culinary festival last night was fabulous ! ! ! ! \ nsapphire sky band rocked all the attendees . \ ngood times ! !
0 went there for lunch when my daughter came to town turkey sandwich thats not real turkey beer was flat the patio was dirty staff useless will not go back
1 this place has great food and atmosphere . the sevice isnt that great but the food makes up for it
0 this restaurant never answered their telephone . their info said they opened at 1130 and even up until 12 noon no one answered the telephone . all u wanted to do was make a reservation !
1 lots of vegetarian options . only one choice of bread , but it is freshly made and was fine .
1 art java had me at the first sip . ever since , i have been addicted to their fantastic lattes . \ ntheir foam is rich and dense - it is literally to die for !
1 this is a foodie ' s required stop . a menu that is genuinely thoughtful . outstanding food and great imported draught beer selection . must stop when stuck in an airport hotel for mealtime .
1 a nice cozy atmosphere . small but not cramped . the food is on par for arizona sushi ; ) friendly staff nice and clean !
0 my wife and i have been to flavors several times . great food , disastrous wait times . the food delivery process is clearly broken . they ' ve managed to ruin a great concept with poor service .
0 the only thing i enjoyed was the mongolian gril & my beer . i don ' t think i ' ll be going back unless i ' m really in the for the mongolian bbq .
1 this place is awesome . it ' s large so the wait on the weekend isn ' t bad . menu is diverse and the food is delicious . totally recommend the baja omlette .
1 nice , cold , a / c , dim lighting , comfy . . . plus , they had widmer hefeweizen on draft for $ 2 ! the hot - honey wings are out of this world and the service is friendly .
0 this place is so poorly designed first of all if your entire party is not present you can ' t be sat and they don ' t have anywhere for waiting guests to sit and the waiting area is tiny .
1 i love the sunday morning ! potatoes and cheese in a crepe . plus a great selection of flavored mimosas .
0 wow , overpriced , trendy , with below average food . . . what a concept . i ' ve had burgers for half the price that are twice as good .
1 this place is fantastic ! yogurt is delicious , toppings are fresh and the staff is super friendly !
1 outstanding service from a punctual and personable tech . our laundry room is back in service and we have a great company we can call for future repairs . thanks , e & j !
1 i love coming here for brunch , it ' s one of my favourites . really good food , generous portions and very affordable prices !
0 i was hoping that this would be a great place near to my home for mongolian bbq , but unfortunately it didn ' t quite hit the mark . there are much better options in the valley
0 do not fall for the \ " " free show ticket \ " " its an intro for hidden upgrade fees they only talk about when you go to the show ! bbbboooooo
0 not for the family . a lot of language . his tricks were pretty cool but he also promoted his dvd a lot .
0 some good staff but overall mr parker and his cronies continue to nickel and dime yo uh to death and most of the employees are indifferent to downright rude
0 service is friendly . . . that being said . i have been sitting here 45 mins waiting on our order for 3 people and a child . sad day .
1 short ribs were excellent , along with chipotle mashed potatoes . a little hard to find , but worth it .
0 took in two laptops to be unlocked and reset . they got the job done but the quality of service was horrible ! the assistant manager gave me sarcastic remarks and i was definitely not impressed ! not going back
0 i stopped going to this place years ago . the food is horrible and the people are sooo rude . and the seafood made me sick . don ' t waste your time or money
1 cool little place . tasty espresso . if it ' s on a saturday or sunday and you ' re working they will ask you to work at the large table . cool set up none the less .
1 good quality indian food , tried kabab platter , channa bhattura & butter chicken thali . i was not impressed with tandoori chicken piece & butter chicken was too sweet for my taste . kababs were really good though
0 ass holes ! sign said open until midnight . we arrived at 11 : 30 and they would not seat is . nuff said .
1 love canter ' s deli . it was all that i expected it to be . cornbeef sandwiches were excellent and service was great . the waitstaff was very good as well .
1 shakes are the bomb . com . tuna tacos in lettuce leaves were fresh , healthy and delicious . atmosphere is great too , especially the patio . a little pricey but totally worth it for quality nutrition that makes your mouth happy .
1 first , i love ctr ' s coffee . \ nsecond , this location has great batistas and it ' s less congested than other ctr ' s i ' ve been to . \ n \ nthat about covers it
0 ordered a medium rare prime rib and it was too dry , don ' t think i ' ll be back anytime soon . . . maybe it was because it was the middle if the week . . . . . . .
0 the wait staff was not friendly and the drinks were watered down big time . if your not staying at lvh i would not waste the time to visit here . this place ranks a big suck !
1 a local friend brought me here from out of town . glad he did . food was fantastic .
1 good food , service ok . thought $ 1 . 95 extra for a tablespoon of guacamole was a little pricey !
1 great service . always take care of you . keep the doors open late !
0 the reviews are true one of the worst buffets in vegas - food was stale overcooked or greasy . it is worth what you pay - it was comp , i will pay next time .
1 tout nouveau dans le qds , beau bar moderne style loft , belle ambiance , on y sert aussi de la bouffe !
1 i ' ve here a number of times with friends originally from brooklyn . we all greatly enjoyed the pizza . my favorite is their \ " " special \ " " square pizza .
1 awesome food and great dinner experience . i recommend the musashi special . been to this place twice and it keeps getting better .
1 definitely one of those must go see places in vegas but a bit pricey . but i do love m & m ' s so can ' t resist going here .
0 not impressed . great decor , great location - service , food and overall vibe was ack ! will try again in a few months .
1 excellent spot ! ordered the table side guac and the chicken fajitas . we will definitely return soon !
0 go for breakfast , they have very good pancakes and omlet . never very go their for lunch .
1 good pizza and good fingers ! what else can i say ? ! i ' ve been here a few times and the quality is consistent . friendly folks running the place too . \ n \ ndo it !
0 we literally just walked out of te restaurant after waiting at the bar and being ignored . like other posts noted , there were tables available , but a line and 10 minute wait . dude - get it figured out .
0 kinda pricey at 30 a head to look at some wax statues . sure they are realistic but it really wasn ' t our cup of tea ! it ' s 2hrs of my life i wish i could get back !
1 fell in love with the balboarita and fish tacos ! great service given from our hostess maggie and she ' s such a hard worker ! i will most def be going there often because of her service and the drinks !
0 anything they say is vegan is not ! everything has fish oil , or oil that has been used to fry fish . there is a lot of cross contamination , and some of their employees are not being paid properly .
0 dear vic & anthony : if , as a steakhouse you can ' t do french fries , its does not instill confidence that you can do anything else .
1 i love this location and i am glad it is close to my home . the service is always great and the food fresh and tasty , the friendly staff takes their job seriously and know how to please their customers .
1 hard to believe this place is right down the strip from treasure island . great thai food and really cheap prices . be prepared to wait around lunch or dinner times as the place is small . must try . .
0 the food was just ok but over priced . the service or the lack there of was enough for us to never go back . it is clear that its management has zero knowledge and experience in customer service .
0 the place smells and the restrooms were in awful condition . the sanitation score is a mere 91 . just saying . . . .
0 just ok . the cheese curds are delicious . the beer is just average . the pretzel is not a pretzel , it ' s bread with salt on it , shaped like a pretzel .
0 no appt possible for detailing on weekends . this is how this business ' s advertising should read . always call ahead on weekends for detailing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0 here ' s a tip - they don ' t stock their shelves , so what ' s on display they might not have , and they often have discontinued items on display . lame .
1 awesome food , great breakfast , great lunch and fantastic staff ! check this place out , you ' ll be glad you did !
1 good food ! \ nbeware of lunch time , bad parking & packed . call ahead & order food !
0 horrible advice about pools , not properly licensed , very poor attitudes , and they have very questionable business practices . . . stay away
1 the sushi is fresh and its very good . recommend the island special roll .
1 eating with my youngest breakfast : ) just mommy & isaiah ! ! great service yummy food ! ! my son got a cupcake cup yo take home he is so happy : )
1 excellent food and a very nice atmosphere . much like what i ' ve had in southern italy . highly recommended .
1 i love this place every time i visit arizona i always make my friends and my dad take me here . best pizza i have ever had in az . i highly recommend this place ! ! !
1 best . cake . ever . \ n \ nour friend laura worked there and brought some cake with her to family parties . . . now thats the only cake we get because its soooooo good .
1 the food here is amazing ! everything we ordered was great , i ' ll definitely be coming back .
1 by far the best burgers i have ever had and great atmosphere . discovered this place over a year ago and i always have to take my guest who are visiting me from out of town .
1 we ' ve been going to fuji for years and enjoy it quite a bit . the food is wonderful , and the owners are really nice . i particularly enjoy the calamari appetizers .
1 really liked this place . their process were very reasonable . will be back if i am in the area .
1 esta delicioso ! ! ! comimos los platos para compartir . . . meat lover y fue espectacular pero son abundantes y creo para tres personas puede funcionar perfecto . . . . muy recomendable ! ! ! ! !
0 ugh . make sure you have your receipt handy in case you get accosted by a garage employee to prove you made a purchase for validated parking . . . so rude .
1 i love this place ! ! price are very good ! ! ! great great job every time i com ! ! every one please don ' t forget to tip ! ! ! don ' t be that guy . . ! !
0 i paid 20 dollars for 2reg burgers 1fry 1 drink . though the staff was helpful and nice , my burger lacked thejuicy flavorfi1 patty i had hoped for .
0 this is how we roll ! ! ? ? ? \ n \ nwtf is up with all of the terrible marketing copy in vegas ?
0 easy place to grab a quick bite , however for what it is , very basic and over priced .
0 grabbed a bite on our way to the park . got a mushroom and spinach pizza and chicken tenders covered in hot sauce . \ n \ nthe hot sauce was good , but the pizza was just ok . . .
1 who doesn ' t love ice cream ? nothing special about baskin - robbins except the workers are very nice at this location . always a good place to stop by after getting gas
1 absolutely love this place ! you feel welcome immediately upon arrival . friendly staff and great food and drinks ! i also love their support of the arts in las vegas . definitely the best place to be downtown !
1 this place is soooo good . my wife and i just moved to vegas and was told to try this place out . we did and fell in love . you should go and try it out .
1 saw brandy for an eyebrow reshape . she was fantastic , very friendly , and definitely knows what she is doing !
1 love it . has changed my family ' s lives forever . i love the practical application of the bible and i think my kids love going as much as we do .
0 worst indian food i ever ate . if there is zero star i would give a zero star . food was cold , old and stale . i strongly recommend not to eat here . food sucks here .
0 not so great , more of your average tex - mex place . good for a corona and nachos though , and good for families as well ! if you want an authentic mexican restaurant , this isn ' t the one .
0 for it to be called a steakhouse , there certainly wasnt a lot of flavor . i ordered a bleu cheese steak and it tasted like nothing . . . no bleu cheese flavor , no steak flavor .
1 from new orleans and i love this place . i haven ' t had anything bad yet . pretty sure i ordered everything on the menu already .
0 wasn ' t overly impressed by lunch here . sushi was ok but service was ok at best and they kept the place freezing cold . i ' ve had better . . . won ' t likely return to this restaurant .
0 i just never have a good time here , no matter what the location . i think cold stone creamery is so over rated better to just save your money and go to paige dairy mart .
0 gross - but if you ' re a lady you get a lot of free drinks . bring pepper spray .
1 very helpful costumer service . the shop is very nice and clean . nice smoke area inside . came here to purchase a cigar ash tray . the guy inside was very helpful and knowledgable in guiding me on my purchase . very pleased .
0 horrible service , tight ambience , and the waiters were pressuring us to hurry . not going back
1 absolute fine dining at its best . they have pricey food but treat yourself to it , it ' s well worth it . they also have a variety shows displayed on the beautiful waterfall .
0 other than the girls being hot , this show was horrible ! after a minute of standing there listening to their voices i thought i actually was hearing sirens . not worth to wait or watch .
0 out of all the yogurt places in the vegas valley this is definitely the worst . weird employees and low quality yogurt . i think they are trying to be cool or edgy . . . failing !
0 this location closed mid december 2011 . they have directed members to the la fitness at university & stapley . la fitness purchased a large number of bally ' s , and are closing them / consolidating them to la locations .
1 at this visit we shared orders of tender beef and shrimp along with a bountiful salad and 6 banchans . pak , our server , was particularly informative so we learned a little more about this cuisine than during our last visit
1 delicious and affordable breakfast , tried this place out this morning and will definitely be coming back . seated instantly and food handed to me within 8 minutes of ordering . and the food was absolutely delicious . coffee included .
1 great food ! never tasted bola bola in the us that tastes almost as wonderful as the bola bola in the philippines !
0 also purchased living social deal as a gift . they were unable to contact the company and i too am requesting a refund .
1 great food , big portions , slow service . . . i would go back
1 i had the best vegan facial i have ever had by carmen cherry . she is truly the best esthetician i have ever had or encountered . her professionalism and warm personality made my experience outstanding !
0 food , service and lighting are reminiscent of denny ' s on a bad night . the wine glass was so small it was distracting . too bad , so little competition in the area .
0 this place was extremely rude when asked to fill a catering order for my coworkers and i at work . they would not work with us and treated us like we were not wanted . avoid this place like the plague
1 excellent service , lobster mash was delicious . everything else was also . . . . . . . . buttercake .
0 food and service are so good . \ nthe music is so loud that i kind of don ' t want to come back . \ n : (
0 how can you screw up a breakfast burrito . . . the eggs were dry and way too much bacon .
1 excellent food and service with a full bar and wine list . i attended a special event here so was limited on my menu choice but will return to sample some of the other menu items . the flatbread pizza was excellent .
1 mob attraction is legit . kinda wierd in the beginning with the interaction with the live actors . . . but the payoff is the museum component which is awesome . great displays and memorabilia . ciao !
0 all i have to say about this place is that it is where my mom and my gf ' s mom like to go .
0 it ' s your typical brunch chain restaurant . . like eggspectations . . if you ' re prepared for that then you ' re good . . but if you ' re expecting more then you ' ll be disappointed . .
1 great service and they had what i came for . some work boots . rand h . and i called in first to make sure they had what we were looking for and they did indeed . big 5 gets my big 5 stars !
1 this is my favorite fast sushi place , they have very good sushi even though variety is limited its a very good place to catch some sushi for lunch or hawaain bbq . i visit maui at least once a week
1 i ' ve been here several times for breakfast and lunch , and i love it . \ nas a mushroom lover , i ' d have to recommend the portobellini sandwich . mushroom - vegetable goodness in a bun .
1 stop everything you ' re doing and go get one of their brownies , warmed up , with an ice cold glass of milk . i ' ll never be the same .
1 jessica was the bomb server ! ! she did a great job of explaining the menu items and gave great recommendations on the seasonings . she even helped us deshell the crawfish . we will definitely be back for more .
1 first time here , chicken teriyaki bowl . very good flavor , plenty of chicken . well worth the price .
0 this chinese restaraunt was overly priced , had horrible service , overall bad experience . i would recommend going to pf changs or pei wei for the money .
1 great mexican food & service is amazing . also clean . loved it that i came 2 days in a row .
1 great food , got the pizza , wings and stromboli for a big group . garlic knots are great too . everyone was very happy . stromboli took forever but they discounted our ticket . stromboli was worth the wait .
0 first time i ever had dayglo orange pad thai ! it was just wrong ! the won tons in my won ton soup were like leather . this was a first and last experience for me and sad as the staff was friendly : (
0 the service was unorganized and the hostess was rude . we karaoke ' d with friends and the dj playing the music was also rude . we won ' t be going back .
1 i like coming here the food is pretty good nice selection of beers the atmosphere is friendly
0 horrible food and service . i ordered tuna wrap . barely any tuna . all i tasted was the damn wrap . overly salty fries ! dry tuna ! !
1 for the amazing price and the variety of food its not that bad . some taste authentic and others almost hit the spot . but overall very good and full tummy ! ! !
1 never liked mandalay bay when it first opened , but over the years it has grown on me and is now one of my favorite casino to gamble at .
1 very nice course . very well maintained . beautiful scenery . staff was friendly . very reasonably priced . had an amazing time .
1 great food , excellent atmosphere . weird shopping center , but once you ' ve found it , you ' ll know . great stuff !
1 i really like the cake batter , and cookies and cream . staff could have been more friendly though . not the same as yogurtology .
1 this is really neat place ! the food is totally fabulous , and the food is out of this world . the service was excellent , and the wine delicious . i would highly recommend it . make sure you make reservations .
1 amazing food . great for kids and the music is great . we had the steak bowl , burrito , salad , and tacos . everyone brought home leftovers . the coconut bark was unbelievable .
1 soo tasty of the lamb gyro pita . will try the potato salad that my friends had today , next time !
1 stephanie is an amazing server ! this has been my best olive garden experience ever . the restaurant was beautiful , clean , and all of the staff were extremely pleasant . the food was on point !
0 very good cheesecake . everything else is horrible . . . from the wait to the price to the decor . pass
0 don ' t get the godfather you will be on the toilet . been on the toilet for an hour already . tony your restaurant is going downhill .
1 what could be better \ nthan a bottle of wine with \ nfriends on the terrasse ?
1 service is great . decor is modern and sober . food is very good . tried the fish tacos and swai filet . both were delicious . will be going back for sure !
0 great airport , the delta terminal sucks ! ! ! hey delta , how about becoming serious about your skyharbor customers ?
1 you have to be crazy not to use these guys ! ! ! ! ! ! i have moved freinds before and moved myself . i will not do that again ! ! !
1 yes ! ! ! \ n \ nmellow mushroom is my favorite pizza and the decor is really cool ! ! seriously , go there . . . now !
1 loved the tiramisu gelato . it was difficult to choose between the nutella , tiramisu , and coconut . wish there would have been more seating though . we ended up taking our gelato outside .
0 this venue is the definition of drama . too many queer - bots and queens . enjoy your cut - throat evening !
1 these gentlemen are amazing . my son loves barber shops and when we moved i was worried i would have a hard time finding a new place . this place is perfect and my son came home very happy with his haircut .
1 one of my favorite restaurants in vegas believe it or not . crazy good pizza and good beer that is laid back and perfect if you want to eat and not make a whole ordeal out of it .
1 love it ! very nice and always showing the newest , i mean newest movies so inpatient people like me who hate to sit n get nails feet and eyebrows done can enjoy !
0 the atmosphere is excellent if you ' re into sports . but the food and service need much improvement .
0 i eat there over a year ago and it was very disappointing and since have had 2 friends eat there and felt the same . i guess my evening was not a fluke .
0 way over the top with the christian music and christian icons . coffee is ok and the staff are pleasant - just not my cup of tea
1 neat brunch spot . very creative waffle combinations . the funky monkey waffle is great for people with a sweet tooth . . . chocolate chip waffle topped with banana , fudge , and peanut butter .
1 great food in old montreal . i had the filet mignon carpaccio and the lamb chops . all very good . lively place , i would certainly go back .
0 bought some macaroons here they were alright not what i expected but it was my first time trying them i also expected more desserts but there was just a few
1 i just love their burgers ! the freshness , the flavor , and the quality of beef can not be beat honestly . i have to say outside the strip , it ' s the best burger in vegas ! thanks create ! !
0 would not recommend using this company . they will write up anything you ask them to on an invoice , and do some sketchy business . would go elsewhere for the integrity .
1 lunch today . very impressed . fun atmosphere . great service and food . shrimp appetizer was outstanding . gumbo solid and enjoyed the shrimp po boy . not sure about the dinner menu but lunch prices very reasonable .
1 very quick . very friendly . clean and nice rooms . i will no longer get my blood work any where else
0 for those who came here because the buffet line was too long . . . go back to the buffet .
1 great food , especially the italian beef ! make sure you get it with the sweet peppers . love the onion rings . atmosphere is very friendly . service is great and entertaining .
0 good pizza but horrible service . very rude on the phone when asking questions about their specials . will call another pizza place that can take the time to talk to me . will not order from here again .
0 they were too busy to take our take - out order ! too bad . but . . . i ' m glad they ' re so busy they didn ' t miss us !
0 * * note the west bell rd location has been closed for some time now * * *
0 good for a drink . food was horrible but the waiter was fast so i was able to get in and out fast .
1 my only complaint is sometimes the line is too long to wait . i ' ve been twice now and live it ! excellent food , good service , friendly staff ( mostly ) .
0 the place had a foul smell coming from the kitchen . ( really bad ) , the waitress was great , but i couldn ' t get past the stench . the same chain on power rd is a much better choice
0 we went there , food was bad and over priced . wrote a bad review and it disappeared kinda funny only good reviews
0 i really dint care for this place . the music was blah and the out door seating was lame . the only cool thing i saw was the big unit . a home wrecking size weenie some old man was trying to deep throat .
1 great deals here from time to time . . . jenn keeps finding super deals on cat food ! the ladies that run the cat adoption area are super nice and there are plenty of great cats to adopt .
1 service is great here . we got here during the rush and still only had to wait 5 min for a table . very well run . a little pricey but the food was great
1 came back here for the 3rd time and it was still as good as the first . the tuna tacos are so gooooooood . one of my favorite spots in vegas .
1 waffles are baked fresh and served all day . everyone is super nice and the chai latte has magic in it . seriously . try it .
1 i was doubtful that they could match the paint on my wheel but i was wrong . not only did the make it look new again but i was in and out in about an hour .
1 there is no bar , had a party of 5 , 2nd visit try the scallop dish it was killer
1 first time visit , many options to choose from and the food was delicious ! very friendly staff , a family friendly causal dining place when you want a good pasta meal .
1 delicious and healthy . always fresh and a million options to choose from . and breakfast served all day . everyone leaves happy !
0 lines here are so long . the manager brad sometimes just seems not present . nice guy . . . come on trader joes get present to these lame lines .
1 todd was a stand up dude . very friendly , and efficient . the dealership quoted me for a sensor key at $ 800 . his price was $ 170 . cheaper than the locksmith that triple a referred as well .
0 food here a not good at all . they put to much pho powder . overall the restaurant kinda nice .
0 not very good anymore . the food was too salty , the green beans were so tough , and the potatoes tasted fake . disappointed this time .
0 very average . the big eye app was not fresh . the kobe beef carpaccio was flavorless and seemed like it might have been seared . \ n \ ni left it at that before diving into a very overpriced steak
1 fri / sat buffet is the best time to go all u can eat . . . crab legs . . save plenty of room for the wonderful desserts .
0 very expensive for the quality of the food the pollo magnifico had no taste in addition they charge extra for the green sauce with out telling the costumer . that is my opinion .
1 the shrimp vodka pasta is thee best ever , you can order half orders for dinner as well !
1 will be back again to try more than just the tacos . food was good . worth stopping by if your in the area .
1 lovely wine bar . \ nthe octopus and the vegetable on the seasonal menu were perfection . stunning flavor and presentation .
1 took mom to windsor for mothers day . overall a great time . good burgers ( beware of the windsor sauce and ask for it on the side ) , $ 5 pitchers of beer and cocktails . good customer service too : )
0 i used to love this place . now dark , depressing and the food is so over priced and has really gone down hill .
1 the ham and brie is everything . my friends think they have the best burger in town . it is amazing !
1 this place is a little hole in the wall but sometimes those are the best kinds . the food here is excellent and the service is very personable . this is a place i highly recommend to try .
0 the service was piss poor , the bartender did not know how to make a simple drink . don ' t waste your time or money .
1 excellent food all the time ! ! great service with veronica today ! ! coffee is great as well and they actually have flavor creamer
0 all bad . . . bad service . . . bad sushi . . . never again . . . tell your servers to serve and stop watching the tvs . . . : (
1 awesome , friendly service . the beef in my salad was melt in your mouth tender . far exceeded my expectations .
1 not only is this a great example of supporting small / local business . . . but sara takes a lot of pride in her craft and is fairly priced . i highly recommend ifix for anything mobile , mp3 , or tablet related .
1 i was in town for my daughters graduation and stayed here . the place is newly renovated , very clean and the staff was very nice . the breakfast was okay . the price was fair . i would defiantly stay here again
1 love , love , love fish taco fridays here . the fish is fresh and the sauce has just a hint of wasabi , which is different but works nicely .
0 almost 2 hours to check in ? ! ? i don ' t care if you ' re giving away rooms , that ' s just ludicrous .
1 all around great ! i had the kobe short ribs which were excellent . the seafood platter appetizer we ate was fresh and fantastic . good service and great wine man .
1 great food . great prices . loved the new mexico roll the most . actually has good desert too unexpected for sushi place to me but chocolate mousse was great
0 went at 1 on a sat . server was nice but service was beyond slow . all burgers were cooked well regardless of our choice .
0 decent food , fun atmosphere . not new york . had the pizza and chicken parm . in a pinch not bad , reasonable but small portions . the crust was ok but not a great , and the chicken parm was small .
1 i love this as well as my husband . i was super sad when long life vegie closed . but very excited to try this place out and be very please with their vegan options . their veggie fried rice is super yummy .
0 just don ' t bother . sub par food , slow service , and over priced . go to einstein ' s of you want a decent bagel that isn ' t dry and bland .
1 delicious breakfast food ! this was my favorite place to go for breakfast when i was in phoenix .
1 relatively healthy , tasty food at an affordable price . \ n \ nyou can ' t go wrong with the happy hour tapas for 1 . 50 .
1 went there for first time after looking at all the wonderful reviews on yelp and i wasn ' t disappointed . food was phenominal ! ! service was excellent ! ! i will definitely be back here in the future .
1 great rooms , great rates . i ' ve stayed in middleton before but this location can ' t be beat . they have a shuttle that will even take u to the convenience store . spacious , clean , an very friendly staff .
0 food was good until they ran out of crab legs . . how can you have a all you can eat crab legs day then run out smh
0 michael might want to pay a visit to this outpost . felt very uninspired and a bit careless in preparation . interesting that there ' s no place on mina ' s website to provide feedback . unimpressed .
1 simply fantastic pizza , reasonably priced , incredibly friendly staff , and the garlic knots are brilliant . pretty much a weekly staple for me .
1 this is a small south side restaurant . chef make simple italian food . try the white anchovies with preserved lemons appetizer . their handmade pasta is yummy too .
0 yikes ! cold pizza when i called in the guy on the phone just acted totally confused & as if he was not responsible in the slightest . $ 50 of gross ! not ordering from this location ever again . staff is clueless !
1 went to have lunch on saturday with a few friends . we had a nice table on the patio , the food was amazing , lovely wine and the service was exceptional ! will be back very soon !
1 it ' s a very nice place and the pasties taste really good . great beers , we sat outdoors and it was a very pleasant experience .
0 i prefer a bit more more face time with the dr and less billing however it is very convenient and dr c took the time to follow up on an issue i had recently immediately . i appreciate the concern .
1 dinner was fabulous ! i had the scallops and they were perfect . the salads were also amazing ! monica our server was the best . we will back .
1 really enjoyed the atmosphere , food , & prices . we will definitely go back again .
0 love that it ' s not crowded when i go . needs updating and most importantly they need to get wifi
0 beware le thai has been operating with a c grade from the health district for the last month . i am highly upset with their lack of cleanliness & will no longer be returning
0 the menu is uninspiringly simple , and the food , well , tastes the same . i must give credit , it definitely tastes fresh - but unfortunately it ' s not enough to account for the limited , simple menu .
0 food was okay . balding manager didn ' t greet us at door . all the employees seemed absolutely miserable there - especially the manager . what a depressing mood in this place .
0 horrible horrible service and food . the owner is very condescending and rude . stay away . if you ' re hungry go to the taco bell right across . . .
0 i had the general tsos chicken and it was sour and disgusting . i also had the refried pork rice very bland . i will not go back .
0 i was disappointed in the small selection . . . maybe this is why it ' s not called the king of sandwich . the prices were reasonable for the strip , the sandwich was okay , but not worth recommending .
1 mandy ' s is really delicious . they ' re not skimpy on the delicious items in every bite . it ' s very yummy but way , way too expensive .
1 they did a great job fixing my galaxy phone screen . \ n \ nthey even add screen protector for free . . .
0 hope no one else prepaid for anything ' cause these guys are gone . \ n \ njust found they were closed - they got us for $ 100 . let ' s see if they do the right thing . . .
0 this is absolutely the worst company i have ever dealt with . customer service is horrible , wait time are unacceptable , issue resolution does not exist . do not use their services !
0 hostess is not ' on ' it . waited 5 min before she even acknowledged me . other than that , seems like a good place to hang . the food was a bit mediocre . nellos is better .
1 they are closed and no longer there . too bad as it was very good . the cat fish was the best ! great food for a great price .
1 the worst part of moving from sd to vegas was the lack of bomb mexi food . thank god tacos el gordo followed me out here . i can continue to get gordo
0 they messed up my order again for the 3rd time in a row . it ' s not hard to toast a bagel . . .
1 i cannot get past this place . best boston cr \ u00e8me on the planet
1 great coffee , good service , owners are nice . food is quite good just not 5 stars .
0 ok , so eat24hours gave this a lot of stars , but the food is just terrible . though the service was excellent ! i got cheesy garlic bread and a pepperoni pizza . would not order again .
1 great food at a reasonable price . ask for a grilled chicken salad with grilled veggies . it is outstanding ! ! great addition to the vision offices
1 cool microbrew - pub that felt like your neighbor ' s garage . great selection of local and regional microbrews with an innovative , fresh menu to match . it was noisy but not loud and they have tvs everywhere to watch the game .
1 i love this place , they treat my dog with wonderful care & they do an excellent job with his grooming needs . the staff is nice & they meet your every request & concern . 2 up !
1 pretty nice club . lots of entertainment walking around on an event weekend which just makes the spectacle better , but i ' d venture to say there might be other clubs equally good if not better ?
1 good people , good prices , great work . it ' s not to often you find this combination , they have always treated people right & their knowledge is unmatched .
1 it ' s walgreens . it ' s a clean walgreen ' s . the pharmacy people are always very helpful and that i appreciate .
0 service was slow . food had no seasoning at all , very bland . better mexican food around .
0 i got my beer fast but i was more hungry than thirsty . sat around for 30 min and and not one girl came by to take my food order .
1 great old time place with only a few stools . make sure to try some of their home - made sodas . . . fantastic and you can mix flavours ! \ n \ nalso , this place discourages tipping .
0 the place looks great but the service is underwhelming . i also agree with the other posters . the high pressure sales has gotten old . these people are worse than wells fargo tellers .
1 arrived just b4 lunch closing . . . we had bolognese , carbonara , and mac n cheese , all were fresh and delicious a must visit when in phx . service attentive and prompt love it
0 pretty mediocre food it is not worth the price . i would actually go elsewhere to eat that much better for the same price .
1 always a fun time with friends over here . the fish tacos taste amazing and the bar has a really good vibe . one of the best places to enjoy the great weather of arizona .
1 i first learned of this place by invite . two of my closest friends suggested rosita ' s place as a place to meet for lunch and since my first visit , i was hooked and with any luck , you might be too .
1 this is a very clean and friendly dog park , that always has lots of dogs running around . it is a great place to take your dog for some excercise and playtime .
1 bacon and avocado ! ! \ nthis place is fantastic . \ n \ nwarning : it is usually busy . while the staff does a great job of managing their tables and seating , expect to wait . it is just that popular .
0 i had better . \ ntakes way too long , \ nand this place went downhill in quality and service over the last 3 years .
1 not bad . happy hour is great 2 for 1 can ' t beat that . the roasted corn is amazing . . . yummy .
0 sub par service , sub par food , above par prices , and me and my wife both felt like we were going to vomit an hour after eating here . what more could one ask for ?
0 bad . i will not waste my time listing the what is wrong with place . if you need ihop , go to the robinson location . \ n \ na waiter named deez is a bad sign .
0 i called to ask if they buy swords . . and the guy hung up on me . how rude .
0 went here for a routine check up and wasn ' t impressed with the service , facility or prices .
0 ordered the chicken bowl and the chicken was extremely dry . the rice and sauce was okay .
0 do not go there . talk about a bloody & painful expeirence d : acrylic nails = not ftw
1 one of the best pastries i ' ve had in my life i got here . i think it ' s called a \ " " french bearclaw . \ " "
1 this is a fun shoe store in a great neighborhood . prices are reasonable . the selection is great , but they were out of my size in several shoes that i wanted to try . service was average .
1 i actually really enjoy this hotel . the rooms are remodeled , the hotel staff are very accomodating , and my experience was great !
1 absolutely loved this place ! from the staff , to the rooms , the decor , the amenities ( like free breakfast , coffee and tea on your floor every morning ) ! this place is wonderful .
1 so good . went for the lunch buffet and was surprised at how good the food was - green curry , pad thai , etc . they keep it fresh and good . i was pleasantly surprised .
1 glen is an expert in electrical work . i like his great attitude and follow through . i think he can do anything you need both residential and business and would trust him with my home .
1 since this place changed ownership the selection has narrowed , that being said the custard is still delicious and the service is good .
1 absolutely love this place . what a great value . not kobe beef but tons better than any fast - food but just as inexpensive and the shakes can ' t be beat ! we live here and go at least once a month .
1 kia was so wonderful ! \ n \ nshe kept my layers long and got rid of all the dead ends : ) not to mention great conversation .
0 so sad , i went here the other day craving the zbq pizza only to see that they are now closed ! ! !
0 can ' t believe people like this place . . mark step up your game . . canned corn beef hash ! ! ! ! stale croissant ! ! processed everything . . being the freshness back
1 yummmm ! you can ' t have just one of these cupcakes . the holiday pumpkin was incredible and you can never go wrong with red velvet ! i miss seeing kelley working there - she was always so nice and sweet .
1 ok , the food is great , but , these people are so cheap . they barrely give you any chicken i was like wth where ' s the chicken in this burrito bowl ? so i always get the double - chicken .
1 staples has a great supply of school supplies , office supplies , and even great software . i was surprised to see the array of iphone and ipod accessories too .
1 fair prices . decent service . ever since i tried sonic back in 1997 i have loved there food . they keep coming out with new items to keep things fresh . my only complaint is their ice cream machine breaks down a lot .
1 wow what a blast i had . winning a few dollars at the black jack tables . free drinks . and awesome staff .
0 the christmas holiday is over ! went to the gym this morning to work out at 5 : 30am and the gym was closed !
1 their furniture selection is sad , but they do have a larger jewelry display . i found two knives that were pretty good for $ 2 . that ' s about all i have to say about this place .
0 awful customer service , awful business ethics , overall terrible people . i hope they enjoy their existence of screwing people over .
1 talk about an upgrade ! the new location is amazing and wide open . great outdoor patio and of course , great chicken . great job lo - lo ' s !
1 great food , drinks , and atmosphere ! we went here for dinner before our concert and enjoyed it so much we stopped by after the concert too .
0 wasn ' t worth the money . the strawberries for the topping were soggy and gross
0 these were the worst tacos i ' ve ever had ! no flavor at all . . i don ' t recommend this to any one ! service was a 3 at best also .
1 this place is awesome . first time in vegas and i ' ve heads about this place and it was amazing . you want breakfast ? come here ! period ! ! ! !
1 i love the place , especially the beer ! always clean , professional servers , always feels good , and good food as well .
1 i ' m not much of a sushi lover , but this place was really good . reasonable pricing . if you love sushi this is the place to go for all you can eat !
1 the stuffed quesadillas are simply amazing . i love that you can watch them grilling the meat . smells great , tastes delicious , wonderful service and very clean . we ' ll be back again and again ! !
0 update # 2 - spoke with the new spa manager and she promises a great experience for my friend and me . i will update .
0 service is horrible there . you would think for a sports gambling place they would attempt to liquor you up , but we had to hunt down our waitress several times and eventually left .
1 great service ! nice restaurant and good food . needs a little spanish music . will definitely return .
1 memphis bbq - yuuuuuuuuuuuuum ! ! ! \ n \ ncream corn , mac & cheese , bbq oooh my ! ! ! !
1 very friendly staff ! ! the girl recommend a mexican mocha and it was amazing
1 i dig it here . best thing is ordering online . when i walk in to pick up my lunch i am helped immediately ! !
1 great tacos especially al pastor ! the pineapple pieces really give it a nice kick of flavor
1 this was a great restaurant . thanks yelpers for the suggestion . not a fancy place , but the food is awesome .
1 always good food good drinks and great atmosphere ! less than a mile from my house makes it all the better ! lol
1 wonderful service . dan , the owner , is a stand up guy and extremely professional . they came out when they said they would and were very straightforward . their card is on my fridge . i would highly recommend .
0 well if your a crack head or a roach you would like this place . residents of the hotel are sketchy as hell and have 4 teeth . the sheets are stained . roaches are everywhere i guess you get what you paid for
1 so so good ! ! everything is delish ! ! no kidding , think we have ordered everything and all is so good . can ' t sing enough praise !
1 great food ! went here with my wife and daughter and the food and service was great ! i would definitely recommend this place to anybody !
0 the worst home warranty insurance i have ever seen . they are rude and unprofessional . they are so scared that they don ' t even let you talk to the owner if you have a complain .
1 this is the only lash place i have been to but i ' m liking it and everyone loves my lashes .
1 always good food , good service , good price . the wait staff is always attentive and we never run out of drinks we will return .
0 terrible food + terrible service . i won ' t say much about my experience but its enough to never return .
0 i ordered chocolate and it tastes like bananas . \ n \ nhorrible customer service . \ n \ nmy husband made a special trip from summerlin to there what a disappointment .
0 i wanted to go here but they didn ' t answer the phone and so i drove to the salon and they weren ' t open ! aren ' t they suppose to be open ?
0 bad music , slow service , disgusting overpriced drinks , and annoying patrons . definitely wouldn ' t come back if someone paid me to . i can ' t even drink this margarita .
1 where else can you get huge greasy burgers , fried pickles , and liquor drinks ? ! this place is a local favorite for good reason . also a great jukebox .
0 not a kid friendly hotel at all ! ! ! pool the size of a tub heater broken no jacuzzi ! ! !
1 had a problem with the bill and the service could have been a little better . . . great wine selection . i will be back to give it another shot . . .
1 new to the area ! wow my first super target ! very nice inside ! food selection is good !
1 the staff was knowledgeable about their products as well as competitors products . helped me select 4 bikes for my kids lifetime tune ups and the best price in town . i would use again .
0 gets two stars purely for the people watching aspect . as far as the food , it sucked . couldnt eat it . sent my wabo margarita back , gag me gross .
1 excellent bar , cool music , played not too loud . great views in both directions . service impeccable as the mo hotel they make a wonderful special mojito . well worth a try .
1 order two slices of the ziggy ' s favorite ( sausage , pepperoni and fresh basil ) with a side of marinara . . . fuggedaboudit . . you ' ll be in pizza heaven
1 been going to this place for years . there is usually a wait after 6 : 00pm . sushi is fresh and the uni is yummy compared to other places . decent service and worth the money if you have a big appetite .
1 good homemade burger join with hand - cut fries and fresh bread . everything is made to order and very tasty . they have a huge selection of sodas if that ' s your thing . i definitely will be coming back .
1 i was so impressed very professional and relaxing ! i was referred by my sister and i tell all my friends that they should go to be well .
1 i ' m made because they ' re not open right now , but it ' s also 6 a . m . . . their food it too good to get anything less than 5 stars .
1 excellent service and wings were fantastic . love the sour cream fries ! a little noisy , but it is snowbird season .
1 very nice couple . food was so good . plenty and good priced for dinner . highly recommended .
0 higley and baseline location is the only one i ' ve tried . i ' m underwhelmed . ordered a large pepperoni , it came about with 13 pepperonis , kind of a ripoff .
1 this was decently priced . i haven ' t heard of 2 of the 3 comics . however they were all funny . this is definitely worth the price , and time flew by while there .
0 mediocre , too much sugar , not enough protein ( though you can pay extra for chicken ) and not a great value for the money . but i still enjoy it once in awhile for reasons i can ' t even explain .
1 excellent service and great food . a definite stop for dining off the strip ! !
1 great place to get a goo massage . their staff are friendly and their deep tissue is awesome . would recommend this place for cleanliness and customer service .
0 grade : pure evil \ n \ nat least i lost 10 pounds when i got a parasite from the undercooked duck . the nastiest calamari ever . maybe they eat it that way in japan . i live in madison . jerks .
1 such a great book store and they have such unique gifts my wife loves their jewelry and they are quite reasonable
0 this time was not that good . took forever . sandwich was very bland not as tasty as i remembered . maybe different cook : (
1 great atmosphere and great coffee . love the french bread pizzas featuring bon bread baguettes baked fresh locally . also a nice selection of vinyl for freeplay on catalogue .
1 we love going to the square because the food quality is always great . love the lentil soup !
0 stopped for breakfast while waiting for my connection in phx . food quality was really poor . wilted fruit , soggy home fried and an undercooked egg . would not recommend to a friend .
0 i special ordered a 2014 calendar from this store and they never called me to tell me it was not available or anything . once again , horrible customer service !
0 great concept , bad execution . this place sucks ! bar rescue cant save this one . it probably won ' t be around much longer .
1 went to this place after purchasing a living social deal . i was impressed with their happy hour as well as the sushi belt that tempts you the entire meal . flat out amazing oysters . average sushi . amazing oysters .
1 great variety and very good quality for a buffet - especially the dessert bar ! the service was very good , epecially considering we had a large party .
1 pizza was just so - so but a great escape from all the casino and vegas strip craziness .
0 look . i love a real diner / hole in the wall / greasy spoon . but this place is just plain filthy . god .
0 heat turned up uncomfortably high . ridiculously long wait for shows . terrible production .
1 the view here is gorgeous and they make strong yummy cocktails ! best bartenders in town ! !
1 ive only been here once and i had the set for 2 . there is a variety of sides which were rich in flavor and interesting looking . will go back !
1 best panang curry in town . service is excellent although the younger employees ' english is iffy . great take out as well .
1 the wings were amazing . the mac and cheese was amazing . really enjoyed this place and can ' t wait to eat here again . \ n \ neveryone on the staff was very friendly and accommodating .
1 the burgers made fresh daily are great , and the pizza is among the best in the valley . \ nnice , cozy atmosphere .
1 very friendly staff , quick & delicious food . their beer selection was decent but small but there seems to be something for everyone . their panini ' s are outstanding
0 staff is great workout facility is clean and relatively big , but it concerns me a bit room service trays are in the hall from last night
1 our server cole was personable but not obtrusive ! bbq delectable as always ! side salad is plenty for two and the drunkin apples are so tasty !
0 management at this location needs some work . i have been to this location multiple times now as i love chipotle , but this location is not run well .
0 this is the worst food ever . white trash people you now have another gathering spot besides the greyhound bus terminals . why eat here please tell me .
1 been here a few times and never disappointed . the green cheesy shrimp dish was phenomenal .
0 2 words . . . bed bugs . welp , that sums up everything . beware . sick .
1 food comes quickly , but not suspiciously quickly . and the food is delicious ! the orange chicken has the perfect crisp , and tasty sauce . good amount of meat comes with the chow mein dishes . i will definitely be returning .
0 horrible service ! half of the staff walked out of the place while we were sitting there . not very clean either .
0 some of the worst customer service i have ever experienced . this place is an embarrassment to ups . my suggestion , i would avoid this location and make the drive to the tatum and shea location .
0 i like baja fresh , but this location is lil bit dirty , couples of flys were disturbing me all the time . ) ) ) )
1 the mandalay bay sportsbook is a feast of the eyes ! screens galore , you wont miss what is going on . seats are plenty !
0 i paid ahead for an event in november of 2104 . they relocated to new jersey ! ! ! no bueno ! ! ! my event is a wedding ! !
1 great craft beer selection . . crabcakes are very yummy and loaded with crab . . . the wasabi aoli is a nice accompaniment . . . definately has that irish pub feel ! !
1 all - you - can - eat is reasonably priced and you get a free bottle of saki . food tasted fresh and very friendly service but they don ' t take amex .
1 great selection of meats and chicken with great deals . very friendly and helpful staff .
0 the appetizers are small potions but have flavor . the pasta was interesting and seasoned well . the service was horrible , bring your own food for snacks while you are waiting for your waiter .
0 this place is gross and really rough on my nails . i was in pain half the time and walked out with bleeding cuticles . there are so many options around , go somewhere else .
1 happy hour margaritas were awesome and only 2 . 99 . . . . food was good . i had enchiladas . defiantly coming back .
1 this place is absolutely amazing . the variety of teas is awesome . i go there twice a week to get my favorite boba milk tea ! \ n \ ngood going ! keep it up !
0 this location is rather small for a borders , i am not impressed by it at all , except that they are open extremely late .
1 i am currently staying here with my husband . the room is beautiful , the bed is very comfy , and the staff is superb ! i would recommend it to anyone !
1 i love this place . they have a great a variety of beers . i live very close to this place so it ' s a great walk too for some librations . so support this small beer shop . great addition to shadyside .
1 simply some of the best ice cream in the us . a true culinary experience ! love the sweet corn ice cream . delicious
0 over price ! ca kho to never taste the same , sometimes salty , sometimes no flavor at all ! never go there again .
1 always a very friendly staff . when one of my visits took a little longer than anticipated the comped my bill . excellent experience and customer service .
1 very chill place to have a great brunch ! chicken and waffles were amazing ! ! ! sweet with a hit of spice ! juicy chicken ! big portion . bread with rhubarb jam and goat butter was awesome ! ! ! great music !
1 love this place ! we ' ve recommended to family and friends . rooms are extremely clean and they have very friendly staff .
1 very nice independent steakhouse . food was excellent ( we had filets ) . staff was friendly and very attentive . we will go again .
0 not a fan . i question their ingredients and ethics . the women working there are all extremely rude . certainly lacking in customer service !
1 friendly spot with a tv and great food ! prices aren ' t bad and the seating is nice and comfortable . the menu is hard to understand because it ' s not
1 you cant beat the late night half price ! get the wings ! \ none star taken out because all other food i tried is just ok . . . .
1 the prime rib was awesome ! and my t bone was good . the service was good and john the owner came out to meet us and brought me and my brother a sample of the bbq ribs . yummy ! ! ! !
1 bike porn on the tv . great beer selection . food has gotten even better since we first went here when they opened . one , if not my favorite , places to go in the southside .
0 terrible country fried steak very oily . it taste like a chicken nugget from mcdonalds . the server was very unaware . no refills no how was your food so no tip took 20 minutes to get the bill after they took the plates .
1 delicious food , awesome customers service , , and delicious food . oh , i already said that . lol . you can go and taste it yourself . yummy . i \ " " m addicted : )
1 other than our waiter , duke , nothing was spectacular . don ' t get me wrong . . . the food is very good , but not amazing . if you are into people watching this is your place !
1 hash was a smash for me . also tim the owner sang us a dylan song . great biscuits , also liked the potatoes . it is a must try if you are in mad - town .
1 delicious food , refreshing cocktails & amazing atmosphere . by far one of the best patios around especially with this cooler weather . .
0 one star , zero if there was a zero rating ! walnut shrimp was terrible ! hair in my beef wanton noodles and service wasnt that great either , definitely not coming back
1 great place to chill and great view of the street . very well run place
1 i ' ve gone to 3 different eyebrow places in az and had horrific experiences , but i had an amazing experience here ! would definitely recommend for eyebrow ! ! ! great price and great job ! definitely will be a regular !
0 i went there once a while back and it was dirty and never went back . . . but if stevey is right about the drink specials i might have to re - visit
1 ok simple menu clean not so busy nice sports bar feeling and steak and eggs and coffee hit the spot ! ! ! !
0 i don ' t recommend this place . food was medium at best , the service was terrible . and the price was $ 155 . 00 . . . . you do the math .
0 good times . great for st . patty ' s ! ! get in early to grab yourself a table and start collecting the celebratory plastic cups .
1 great italian ! love the complimentary pre - meal bread and rosemary oil ! chicken parm is to die for . pasta weesie good as well .
1 improv evening with my boyfriend , could not have had a nicer surprise ! the fresh , impeccable food paired with a chilled ambiance made this candlelit dinner sheer perfection . would recommend to anyone with taste buds
1 something new to try . frankie has made a deep dish sicilian style pizza . the crust is very good , thick , buttery and deliciously crunchy . i still love this place they are my go to for friday night pizza .
1 as good as it gets in pittsburgh for cajun food . red - beans - and - rice , and ( sometimes ) gumbo , etouffee , crawfish and jambalaya . plus the chicken is better than kfc .
1 no better pizza or calzone in town . friendly staff , good combo prices , awesome awesome food .
0 they have gone from a variety of sauces to nothing . . i mean nothing not even plain chili sauce . \ n \ nsucks !
1 i ' ve been coming here for close to a decade . best meal for the price in vegas . never disappoints .
1 great food generous portions and reasonable prices make this a excellent choice for lunch and dinner or just a snack .
1 love it . so good and quick delivery if you ' re in the area . green curry chicken and pad thai are awesome . also the fresh rolls with shrimp .
1 really delicious sashimi . beautiful presentation . i imagine the price is directly correlated to the fact that they get fish in regularly rather than once a week . well worth a visit .
0 i would say the elephant bar is great for happy hour . . . pretty good happy hour prices for drinks great to meet people for drinks to discuss where you really want to eat dinner .
1 take the whole family and get a nice table outside . the burgers are good , the fried zucchini is better and the the barbecue chicken is amazing . . .
0 low quality food , i ' ve had salads and their burgers , while not being terrible , it ' s not good . typical strip prices ( relatively high ) and quality comparable to a cheap grocery store deli .
1 great pub right off of mill avenue . . . nice indoor and outdoor space . great drink selection and super friendly bartenders !
1 if you are a music lover this is the place for you . . .
1 great service and staff . food was just ok . great atmosphere and reasonably priced ! \ n \ ncheck this place out ! all ages and very nice patios !
1 i love this place ! reminds me of my trip to japan . i recommend the tonkatsu traditional style . if you haven ' t been and like japanese food the definitely go !
1 great late night place to eat . drinks here are great , endless options . if your looking for a place to bring your friends or guest downtown this is the place to go .
1 the ribs are the best bbq in madison by far and have never disappointed in many visits . the rest of the menu is inconsequential - - trust me , just get the ribs .
1 we chose this restaurant , despite being in a very touristy area , because we wanted something reliable when we were very hungry . very happy with the menu selection and the food ! the servers were very nice as well .
0 stay away from here . i spent $ 14 . 00 for a margarita in the rocks with salt because if a shot if gran mariner . sucks very commercialized . 1 out of 5 stars
1 very beautiful hotel and was wowed the moment i stepped into the hotel . the people who work there are very very nice and the accomodations are wonderful . it is by far one of the most beautiful hotels i ' ve ever seen .
1 this may have been my first time here but it definitely won ' t be my last . \ n \ nhad the bbq nachos ( substituted brisket for chicken ) and it was amazing . great atmosphere and great service as well .
1 the truffle chips are to die for . you must order them ! \ n \ nthe gnocchi and flat iron steak are both fabulous as well .
1 i ' ve been a regular customer of rocco ' s now for a little more than 2 years . this is as authentic to new york pizza as it gets . \ n \ ngreat service , very speedy , friendly staff .
1 my friend introduced me to ilumina . fantastic place where the people are caring and understanding . a very relaxing environment .
1 good pizza , delivery , can pick up a 6 pack and save a trip to the nearest beer and pop emporium , and they gave me a luccis / steelers schedule magnet to boot !
1 first time korean bbq in vegas and this place was good . excellent service and lots of choices . meat was really good . some needed a little more flavor but just dipped it in there sauces . i would definitely go back .
0 i just watched one of the workers come out of the bathroom and clean a table with her broom . i ' m pretty sure that ' s disgusting !
1 not easy to find . in the back of a shopping center . in went there for pho all the time . it ' s the closest i can find to the noodle i had home in china .
0 i eat here often when i ' m in town . the food is good and reasonably priced . however , the service is consistently slow .
0 food was ok and the service was horrible . i love moe ' s but if this was my first experience with the chain it would be my last .
1 love it was in and out . . they knew what i needed made sure it was the right part . was out of there in minutes
0 nasty overpriced food , slow service . . . enough said . \ n \ nonly thing it has going for it was that it ' s the only place open 24 hrs at the aria .
1 thankyou cactus preschool for teaching my daughter so much and working with her , you have been so helpful with my family . your the best daycare in my eyes !
1 wow ! an equal opportunity offensive ribald vaudeville meets cirque show ! definitely worth the $ and discounts can be had at tix4tonight ! only complaint , seats are really hard
1 absolutely amazing i usually don ' t venture out and we went to a new restaurant and i got a new dish , capitol chicken it was truly amazing , wait staff is always there when you need them . would definitely go back !
1 good crust and looks legit but a little bland ( think it was just an off night ) . the chicken cutlet sandwich was good .
1 not only do i get my drinks correct every time , i also get my discount for being a b & n member ! coffee and books ! ? can ' t lose !
0 i get a food poisoning in this restaurant looks like clean nice but the food make you sick it ' s horrible feeling
1 i got to this red robin about 4 - 6 times per year , and every time i have had good food and great service . keep it up !
0 it ' s chili ' s which means it tips out at three stars , but in this ones case it is small with slow service . better to wait in line at burgatory . . .
1 service : prompt and friendly . \ n \ nfood : serving size was big but not too big . tasted nice . coffee was hot and well prepared . \ n \ nprice : good for what you get .
1 although they are still working on the remodel , we got a new delano room . very clean and modern !
1 salmon with rice and vegi is a must have . if i could eat there every night , i would .
0 food was fair and the service horrible ! \ nextremely disappointed ! this is no way to run a business .
0 i don ' t see the big deal about this place ! food it ok . a little over price for what you get !
0 worst chinese ever ! ! ! had their pad thai and it was horrible and the texture was discusting ! their crab rangoon was decent but other than that horrible
1 best salon in town ! reasonable rates , friendly staff , excellent therapists , ask for joanna . \ n \ nbonnie d
0 blah says it all . i doubt if this new place will be around for very long . . .
0 seen better and more plentiful nudity at the korean day spa . drinks over priced but it was nice to be able to tan topless .
1 it ' s a really big and quiet place , the crepes were made just like i was used to , with nutella . their crepes were pretty good , not the best , but still pretty good .
0 just walked out of the vertie grill after waiting over an hour for our food which never came waitress went to get the manager he never showed up good food lousy service .
0 was informed that they do not accept cash from patients . if you don ' t have insurance , you can pack sand . really ? wow .
0 food was okay it earned the 2 stars . the wait staff is horrible . had to ask for silverware , had to ask for napkins and i had to walk up my cup for a refill .
1 this simple vietnamese place does everything right . their specialty is their soups but the spring rolls are delicious too . a great neighborhood place . i will take this over chinese any day . just healthy , cheap food . check it out .
1 great food and service . the golden pork buns are amazing ! using the condensed milk as a doing sauce is genius , as only chef andres could do .
1 this is a great thrift store . you can frequently find good stuff here at a bargain price . all of the sales go to an important cause . a must for phoenix thrifting .
0 sadly disappointed with the quality of food . we spent $ 21 for two entr \ u00e9es and it was really only worth about $ 8 . the potatoes , eggs and bread were underdone
0 came here for breakfast . maybe we are spoiled from mon ami gabi ( they were packed ) but it was very bland and overpriced for what you get .
1 good food . chili relleno was great . great people great atmosphere . high quality food and service
0 al ' s is classic chicago . we went two days after they opened , and the sandwich was just ok . i ' m sure it ' ll get better as the staff gain experience .
1 thank you robert . you truly provide an exceptional service . i cannot recommend speedy car loans highly enough .
0 omg \ nterrible even my wife likes vegetarian and hated this \ nquick give me a real egg and meat ! ! even sub par for veggie lovers \ nthe first experience with a yelp recommendation i was totally turned off by
0 service was slow and the bagel sandwhiches were lacking . plus they did not have any of the special that they were advertising .
0 after finishing my junk meal i walked 50 feet and lost $ 200 at a craps table . that was more fun than eating at pf changs . \ n \ ni wouldn ' t eat here again for all the tea in china .
1 good value and a very good meal . i had the whole sea bass which was very good and fresh . in general , this place is busy but was able to find us a table without a reservation .
1 since this is my son ' s favorite restaurant , i find myself here a lot . lots of meats and veggies to choose from . i also like that they have bowls to mix up your tasty sauce for your creation .
1 the best sausages in town , oh , and their other stuff not bad either !
0 hate to have to update my review like this , but the past two times i ' ve eaten here , i ' ve gotten violently ill immediately afterwards . ikes hates me !
0 if you ' re in the mood for a mediocre burrito as big as your leg , you ' re in the right place .
1 this place is probably the best mexican food i have ever had ! the tortillas are home - made and sooooo good . i usually get a plain bean and chesse burrito and it never gets old .
1 best chinese delivery in tempe . broccoli shrimp is delicious . do not order online thou . my order did not go thru and i had to call it in .
1 always good , always fresh ingredients , nice portions . reasonable prices , nice folks and great coupons .
0 yuck ! ! ! this is the worst buffet ever . that ' s all i have to say .
0 nothing to write about . \ ni love sweety & i love cupcakes but these . i tried 3 were just not good . \ nto pricey & not good is a bad combination .
1 good smaller plates but the atmosphere is wonderful . good for late night semi - light meals .
1 prices are very reasonable and wine temps appropriate . i love the use of ipads as wine menus ! nice cheese selection , too . a little small inside if you ' re not interested on sitting on the patio .
1 hands down the best sushi and sashimi that i have ever enjoyed . sparkling decor , intimate surroundings , incredible good , attentive service - - it simply does not get better than this ! worth the drive one mile west of the palms .
1 have used three different stylists here and each one gave me a perfect haircut . i ' m moving to another town and will still come back to get my hair cut here .
0 unfortunately this place has horrible customer service . they messed up my order and refused to make it right . their food is just like their customer service - horrible . see for yourself , why don ' t you : )
1 we went with blue diamond for our wedding parties foral arrangement and they did an amazing job . everything looked great and was there on time which was especially good in our situation since we had 14 people ( 7men / 7women )
1 food , service , atmosphere feels like back home ! the prices are just outrageous . . . cheap ! i ' m definitely going to be back !
0 not the best starbucks experience i ' ve ever had . messy and slow .
1 walked here from the elara and it was worth it . not crowded early in the morning , and service was friendly and attentive . the food came out much quicker than expected .
1 what can i say that hasn ' t already been said ? great staff . great coffee . great blended drinks . i have never been a coffee person but for me this is an all out restaurant love affair .
1 charlotte ' s npr news station - 90 . 7 fm . excellent local news coverage and be sure to check out charlotte talks at 9am weekdays , they cover all kinds of topics . i don ' t listen to anything else .
0 best fish sticks and chips in downtown glendale , and i only had to wait 45 minutes !
1 quick pours of wonderful wine , and perfectly portioned tapas . hat tip to jimmie for fantastic service
0 came here with my mom for my yearly smoked meat sandwich ( visiting the parents , from san francisco , for the holidays ) . altogether , it did the job and satisfied my craving , but i ' ve had better smoked meat .
0 dinner took 45 min to arrive despite few customers in the restaurant . how long are you willing to wait ? staff kept saying it would be ready soon . will think twice before going there again .
0 ambiance was incredible the food was at best underwhelming . for the price the food should have been much better . lacking flavor and skimpy ingredients .
0 the only popeyes in town that doesn ' t have the tuesday special . you get 1 star for being a greedy franchise .
0 omikase was not worth the price . service wasn ' t great . the server told us no sharing , which was a big turn - off . would not recommend .
0 the rooms are nice and the breakfast is good . not worth is with the traffic and noise outside . it is horrible ! i do not recommend this hotel if you are trying to catch some quick shut eye after a long drive .
0 i think i might have become the yelp town crier of closed restaurants . closed is babycakes .
0 first and last time here . french fries were disgusting overly salty soggy . hamburger was a mess as well . ugh so wanted to like it here .
1 the brisket sandwich was unbelievably moist along with their homemade buns was unreal . the chicken too is amazing .
1 i love this place ! ! our office orders every week . we can never get enough ! they are so friendly too . we have the most pickiest foodies and they always accommodate !
1 for a lounge , pretty nice . the music was kind of whack , but hey we got in fo free with hella dudes and fo free gets you a star .
1 i love this ross it is hit and miss but digging there all the cloths is worth it
1 nice place , very inner city feel which is not the norm for phoenix . the bar food here is good defiantly a step up from most the bar food around town .
0 disappointing food and atmosphere . everything we ordered was ill - prepared and tasted cheap . fried appetizers were soggy and tasteless , prices were high , service was slow . fast food would be a huge upgrade over what this place serves .
0 nothing special about this place - made me kinda sick after i ate here . if you want mexican , this place just doesn ' t come close to good ' ol taco bell .
1 i go each year for edc . best time of the year and my life . good times .
0 ambiente und essen ist gut . aber lange wartezeiten , oft sind manche nudeln aus . die preisleistung finde ich nicht gut gerade wenn man eine extra zutat wie rinderfilet noch dazu nimmt .
1 absolutely love it . i feel rejuvenated after every single class ! the smell is something you start getting used too . jennifer is so motivating but all the teachers are so welcoming here
0 over priced menu for subpar food 12 $ for a cheese steak sandwich and over cooked fries pass up
1 one of my favorite places in scottsdale . quick , pretty healthy , and always friendly staff . ask for the bbq ranch . steak & chicken bowl are great .
1 my favorite korean place in pittsburgh , the food is delicious , decent service for a korean place ( i . e . korean restuarant are not known for their services ) . my favorite dish are korean pancakes and tofu and seafood stew .
1 my daughter and i did tragus piercings with jimmy and he was super professional . the place is very clean and everyone was nice . i really liked this place ! !
1 show was fun audience involvement was fun i laughed alot free tix on his website
1 i ' ve been to stand up scottsdale twice now with the same group of friends . each time the acts have been hilarious ! it ' s a great price and great location .
0 greedy when it comes to wi - fi . spent 19 dollars between two people and got a 4 - 7 dollar time allot for one hour . drinks are expensive and super sweet .
1 the shroomie and the habanero chicken salad are delicious . can ' t wait for the microbrews . i definitely recommend this place for great burgers and salads . delish ! !
1 i will boil it down to just a few words . . . \ n \ nyou wont find a better used book store in phoenix .
0 great beer selection . great specials . frustrated when our clueless server didn ' t offer happy hour prices 4 minutes before happy hour and then still didn ' t offer them when we brought it up .
1 the food at local is super awesome , and was a very fun experience . just be ready to battle the south side crowd . . . : )
0 very bad experience here room was hot dirty sheets the staff had a bad attitude . i got home as i was unpacking i find a roach in there stay away if you can .
1 i always have the footlong here . . . while my hubby likes their salad . it ' s very convenient to eat here while on a break from playing poker at m ' s poker room .
1 outstanding lunch buffet . one of the best in the city . great selection , always clean and immediate seating .
1 this place is great . the pizzas are single serving or post salad and some of the best pizza ive ever had . salads are good and and service is excellent . \ n \ nkeep it simple stupid \ nkiss
1 not sure why everybody is dogging this location . been at this location a few times and the food is just as good as any other standard chipotle . nice patio area to enjoy good food s well .
1 one of my favorite places , always good . their tacos rock and the place just feels nice . i do wish they didnt serve coke out of a can , but otherise a + !
0 this place sucks and it ' s boring . . . . . don ' t waste ur time , you ' ll be disappointed lol
1 good selection of almost all hardware things you can think of . i buy all of my spring flowers and plants at their greenhouse section of the left side of the store . they have many plants and trees to choose from .
1 my favorite sushi place ! ! ! love angry cucumber appetizer . we always order the bluefin tuna sashimi . yummmmm
1 informative museum about the history of the city of montreal . \ ncheck out the underground tour after the small 3d presentation video
1 i ' m from detroit and i love that this place is on freemont street . the coney ' s are so good , def one of the better fast food places to eat on freemont street .
1 i had the southwest caesar salad and my wife had the turkey burger . we shard the s ' mores concoction for dessert . everything was really good including the service
1 nice little spot to grab a burger or spicy chicken sandwich . get there early for lunch though because the lines can get long .
1 very fun , great music selection , it ' s just too bad that the pool water comes up so high that you can ' t sit next to the pool without getting all your stuff wet .
0 worst place ever ! 3 workers and nome of them could help me . i will never come here again . very unsatisfied with gso . it shouldn ' t even get 1 star .
1 absolutely great with kids good food great prices and one amazing italian beef sandwich ! ! ! it ' s a must try when your at el mirage park ! ! ! !
1 fun atmosphere , friendly staff , but way too much food - holy shit !
0 limited chooses on the menu , the food was fair . poor customer service & lots of flies & net bugs . .
1 this is a very interesting place . don ' t go here thinking it will be classy .
1 love love love this place ! will continue to return ! always have the best service and the staff is all so friendly ! : )
1 great service have no complaints what so ever , the food is well made and great deal if u get the vegas book that has two for one
0 this is a hell hole , there is mold all over the restroom , the carpet is filthy , the towels are soiled and cable is basic of basic . pictures will explain these and other short falls .
1 encore beach party is a very nice spot to party during the day . . we had a table near the dj for a good minimum tab . service was great no complaints at all . .
1 always enjoy my experience here ! ! place is always clean and massage chair are primo . the pedicures seem last about 2 - 3 weeks and the callous remover works \ nwonders ! ! !
1 what an interesting concept . sushi was b + , a - , atmosphere a , service a +
1 the food was good . the service was good . the ambiance needs lots of work .
1 excellent food , desserts and coffee . very friendly staff and a bright , happy enviroment . highly recommend you try this place !
1 4 . 5 star food and service . went there for lunch , the seafood were delicious . really enjoyed the place . ( try chow powder )
0 awful , they do not wear gloves when preparing foods \ nthey put aluminum foil on the sandwiches when you cut the sandwich \ nthe aluminum foil gets in the sandwich \ n \ nthey do not wear gloves , gross and unhealthy .
1 good place to take your car . very professional setup and they seem to do good work . \ n \ nbe sure to get a quote from your dealer on some items and 180 will match .
1 i ' ve had two cats and have brought both of them to dr . mcgarry at compassionate care - she is absolutely marvelous with cats . this place has always treated my pets well and kept them in good health .
1 come here every few thursdays a month for the chimichanga . its awesome . dont understand what the complaints are . good prices . good service . never had a problem and have been here about 20 times !
1 one of my favorite hole in the wall take out mexican food restaurants ! i have yet to go wrong with anything here !
1 salad bar was simple but delicious . the lotta burger was a must try ! the salad bar also came with fresh pizza . super nice staff and nostalgic feel made this a great treat after our mega jump !
0 ok , moving it to two stars because the marketing manager at ellis island sent me a note that he ' s looking into what happened with carrie d . \ n \ ni ' ll keep you posted !
1 love the happy hour ! ! ! the garlic chicken and gyoza are fantastic ! i love my sashimi and the 9 piece always makes me happy . the people there are always friendly and inviting - glad this place is around the corner !
0 way overpriced ! ! ! this is a great place for first timers but i doubt they will be getting frequent customers returning . their menu is just too expensive .
0 mmmhhhh . . . it was okay . the orange chicken was good ; everything else is better at hunan viii across the street .
1 this place is amazing ! we had to wait 1hour to eat but it was soo worth it . fresh ! great presentation ! delicious ! oh and look to spend about $ 180 / 3 people ( 15 % tip included )
0 typical bar food . not the greatest at all . their food is pre made and frozen then cooked it seems like . waitress even described a dessert that way . just eh .
1 excellent service ( a + ) . very good food ( a ) . expensive
1 friendly staff , easy enough to find , and very good coffee . definitely gonna be one of my new haunts .
0 the food is poor quality . the restaurant is filthy and the restrooms should be condemned . would not even recommended this restaurant to the dead .
1 excellent food , courteous service from the waiting staff , nice ambiance . . . what ' s not to like ?
1 go to spot for cheap and quick meal outside of the strip . fyi a lil ghettoer than the one on the strip though in case you ' re uncomfortable with ghetto .
0 10 years ago red devil was bomb . 2014 straight trash . i don ' t get it and you go to the store and then some of the same managers that have been working there for years .
1 great service . found them on yelp and wasn ' t disappointed ! - also known as : a 1 minute key service
1 my husband i frequent this very intimate restaurant . we enjoy sharing the se \ u00f1or taco , which always leaves us with delicious leftovers . we have not found another mexican restaurant around here with quality food and great prices !
1 super delicious pho ! ! ! not too expensive , always great customer service . . . very nice family who works there / runs it . . . i love this place . highly recomend if you love pho .
1 amazing service , buffet and great price ! best advice i have is go on during the lunch buffet , they have really good service too !
0 awful service ! 3 servers walked by us , without even acknowledging us ! we left after waiting for 20 minutes for someone to come to our table !
0 this particular location specializes in making their customers wait . 7 people in line for the pharmacy and only one cash register open . hmmm . . . : /
0 i ' m a little bit disappointed . i tried to order a smaller custom cake for a very special occasion . even though i inquired over 3 weeks in advance , they declined because they ' re too busy .
1 for a fun night out w the girls american storm is it fri night 10 pm sat night 1130 pm the guys are fun upbeat , playful they come and drink with you after the shows . . . . . . lots of fun
1 always a great spot to chill . fun drink menu , and those kisras . . . delicious !
0 overpriced wanna - be . probably works for the north scottsdale crowd ( it ' s all show ) , but pretty mediocre food .
1 love this place ! ! super clean , super friendly , great schedule and awesome classes . definitely check this place out .
0 my son bought tickets for this with my credirt card illegally - underage without my permission and the promotion company will not refund me - ripoff ! ! !
0 there is nothing terrible about this restaurant but there is nothing that good either - average food . given the price , it is definitely not worth it unless location is your primary concern .
1 the portions are huge ! the food is pretty good too ! the menu is really large and service was pretty fast . i felt like i barely put a dent in my pasta and the bf ' s chicken was a huge plate .
1 great meal . antipasta player chicken blt fabulous . meatballs delicious but small but worth nine . empty night but atmosphere feat for date night . server attentive
0 omg . 6 people in the lobby and a clerk that only runs in first gear . no one comes from the back to help . . we are out of here !
0 i had the lamb gyro here as well as the turkish coffee , and both were very good , but the service was absolutely atrocious . i might be persuaded to try it again but the reviews seem to be pretty consistent .
1 i rarely go to a place that lands 5 stars in all aspects . great food , great price $ 10 . 99 , good service ! ooof ! i ' m stuffed . \ nhighly recommend this place .
1 i was immediately handed a beverage and asked to play a highly entertaining round of cards against humanity . these ladies are awesome . come hang out here .
1 i ' m glad i yelped . . been looking for a good bakery for a while . must visit if you love fresh baked goods . really enjoyed their bread and cream puffs . .
0 messy store , no customer service and just an all - round bad experience ! i think i will take my business elsewhere .
1 i wish i lived closer to be there more often . great food and great service . owner takes great pride in his business and buys quality ingredients . why patronize a chain when this is available !
1 annie made our night tonight . the food was fresh and tasty , the wine was good and the service - - - excellent ! ! !
0 i only go here because i have to . if you have an account at this branch i recommend driving two or three miles further to go somewhere else . they always have a line .
1 2nd visit , a bit pricey for 2 turkey club w / fries . very clean . . . both visits register staff could use some customer service training not very friendly , guess its better than them being rude .
1 a tremendous meal , academic service and traditional az style . no corners were cut with this restaurant . when you go , request angie - she ' s the best server in the state .
1 my co workers and i are big fans . most dishes we ' ve had have been great , though the turkey burger was only meh .
1 great happy hour menu , everything is worth the few extra bucks although it really isn ' t that expensive . the drinks and bartenders are incredible . i will be back !
0 severely over priced for what you get . $ 4 . 20 for a pbj sandwich ? really ? never coming again .
1 pin - ball machines ( old ones to new ones ) + vintage arcades ( original mario bros . , contra , etc . ) . \ nnot a bad place to kill some time if you want to get away from the strip .
1 food was as always ( think that ' s across the board stable in outback ) , but was again extremely positive surprised by a waiter that went way beyond what ' s normally done !
1 excellent groomer ! our 3 chihuahuas love going to her . you can trust that erin will treat your dog like family and you will always have a positive experience !
0 the only reason we went here was to use a gift card . . . . just as disgusting as i remember .
1 good food , but you are paying for the view of the bellagio . go at night and try to get a table near the windows to watch the bellagio fountains .
0 very unprofessional style , i could have done better . not sure if she was new or just not very good .
1 wow best mexican food i have tasted yet ! ! ! ! atmosphere and service is awesome . . . . sangria drinks r the bomb . . . happy hour on saturdays nine to midnite .
1 if you are looking for a good place to catch a game and have some pub food and drinks with a pittsburgh flavor , this is your place .
1 thank you for making this such an amazing evening . the service & food were spectacular , making it a restaurant that will be at the top of our list for a long time .
1 amazing ! mabel helped me find the perfect shoe and was sooooo knowledgable and helpful . i ' m a beginner so it was great they knew what to suggest . we will be back !
0 probably one of the worst pedis . she cut my big toe nail too short . it bled a little
0 i agree with some of the other reviews . overall this resort is a disappointment . it ' s just ok . just ok . expect more from the hilton name .
1 got an overlay ( acrylic over my nails , no tips ) with gel polish and designs . i used a picture from pinterest as inspiration and tiffany nailed it . very creative lady !
1 clean , friendly , comfortable loved it ! except when the strange lady came into the theater and started giving her speech , i thought we were in trouble ! awkward but fun !
1 they serve arbuckle ' s cofffee ! ! ! the pancakes , biscuits , and potatoes are top notch .
1 katie was our server and very friendly , i had the new orleans pasta and it was good . i will come back again
0 every day it becomes worse and worse . no fresh vegetables , no organic eggs . the market is turning slowly into walgreens that is right around the corner .
0 not my cup of tea . it feels like they are trying way too hard to be cool or hipster . that said , everyone else i meet loves it .
1 one of these great little gems hiding in our nondescript arizona strip malls . they do some great interpretations of some beloved mexican standards like empanadas and enchiladas . a very attentive and anxious staff awaits to serve you a memorable lunch .
0 wow ! don ' t criticize management too much in your review or they will have your review removed . \ n \ ngreat seafood . atrocious service . \ n \ nwas 3 star review , but is now 1 star for censorship .
0 nice ambiance in the patio area behind , but the food is mediocre at best . soggy and bland tacos . very slow service and a bit uptight as well , like not enough help .
1 great place . after getting no service at uncle bears the kids and i headed over to blue 32 to watch the game . had a great time , great food .
1 great pizza , great people , great place . do not drive by this place . phoenix is very limited in good pizza if you are from back east . this place has it right .
1 went here at sunset , was cool to see . a good place to relax .
0 cheap but that ' s it . buses do not run as frequent as other lots
0 perpetually understaffed and slow . it took 40 min of waiting in line with only 4 people ahead of me because only one person was manning the front .
0 it was dark inside the cages and the pitches were very inconsistent . the guy in the cage next to me got beaned by a pitch . no bueno .
0 figured i couldn ' t go wrong with chili ' s . wrong ! very limited menu . hamburger was nasty ! will avoid chili ' s too locations in the future .
0 the place : hip decor \ nthe service : not so great \ nthe food : blah \ n \ nbetween the food & service . . . i ' d have to say pass ! ! !
1 expensive gelato , but huge selection & very creamy & delicious . excellent cappuccino ' s . quick service . excellent location . in - between the palazzo & venetian by the waterfall . heathbar crunch ! ! ! ! wow !
0 the food was good , but the bad service really ruined the entire experience . if i go back it ' ll be to pick up my phone order since the establishment shows priority to those doing so .
1 this place rocks , i have been there 10 times and have never been let down . i always get # 17 with egg noodles ( spicy beef noodles ) , and a # 67 ( longyan and sugar cane ) to drink .
0 bad bad service ! ! we just walked out because the hostess gave us attitude for wanting a booth . 8 / 12 / 12 12 : 45pm
0 couldn ' t even get through to make a reservation . a brief hold is not 6 + minutes . not getting my business .
0 worst carls jr i have been too . besides them giving me wrong orders , waited a long time and the drive thru service was bad
0 average . . . dry salmon , regular sides . . nothing great . but gotta live with what ' s around in lkn .
1 sushis originaux et d \ u00e9licieux , ambiance tamisee , seul point n \ u00e9gatif , le temps d ' attente un peu long .
0 crappy hotel with crappy scary elevators , everything are outdated and worn out , crt tv and no wifi ! ?
1 my husband and i took an intro class and had a great time . the pumpkins came out just as we hoped they would . will make a great keepsake for years to come . we will definitely be taking another class soon !
1 great dinner , the portion was huge and i couldn ' t finish it . our waiter was top notch and i enjoyed myself . recommend reservations .
0 this hotel might have been cool some 40 years ago . avoid staying here at any cost .
0 there was a big black bug on top of my wife ' s rolled tacos . very disappointed and won ' t be using this location again .
1 always wonderful . great food and good service . it ' s a shame that the patio is in a parking lot but that is my only compliant .
1 damn what shoe restoration ! don ' t even think about going anywhere else in vegas to get your shoes repaired ! ! a + + + + +
1 the ambience was excellent , the food was subperb . i do recommend thus place if your ever in vegas !
1 love love love this place . the atmosphere is great and they have the most delicious pizza ( pepperoni and mushroom is delicious ! ) definitely get the parlor insalata and the grinder that comes w parmesan fries ! ! !
0 it depends on what you ' re looking for . i think the food was marginal . most people seem to come for the country music and girls dressed in cowgirl hats , bikinis , chaps , and boots . the service was decent .
0 well we tried to come back . . went back this am for brunch . 8 : 15am . not open ! ! ! so disappointed ! signs posted say open
1 went here for dinner last weekend saturday . the food was great the service was great . would love to go there again and try everything on the menu .
0 food was marginal at best , service was awful . was expecting a decent meal , and got airport - quality chinese food .
1 oh , yum ! ! some of the best sushi i have ever had .
1 i went back again , bought another table . had a great experience . \ ni really like this place . \ n \ nand there ' s a coupon in the entertainment book : )
0 not good at all . bad service . ok food . will not return .
0 just a big cluster f @ ! # , over priced in everything , the concert venue sucks , the location , the rules and once again pricing . \ njust not a pleasant experience .
0 sorry , have yet to try this establishment . will have 2 stars until i give this bakery a change .
1 mock duck yummy vegan dishes ! yummy ! get them now ! eat them now ! mmmmmmmmm
1 this place was very good . atmosphere was good and the price was little pricey though the food was plentiful and delicious . we had a god waitress that went through the menu well . the tomato soup is excellent ! ! ! thank you
1 really clean , helpful friendly staff , well organized . they have the best sushi lady there ! omg if your into sushi check it out . also , amazing bakery ! ! ! ! we go there every cheat day and pig out .
0 2 stars for the price , 0 stars for how your stomach will pay you back later . . . new underwear in sight . . .
0 this place was absolutely packed in the middle of a weekday . parking was a nightmare . lines inside were ridiculous . i left without buying anything . i ' ll stick to the n . decatur location in the future .
0 i got food poisoning from eating here . ended up puking in another restaurant because of them .
0 so far i ' ve tried this place 3 times . all i can say is it ' s below average mexican fast food . mexican food with flavor is not that hard to make .
1 there present special of the turkey sandwich with apples in it was unique and good . never disappointed with anything i get a panera and neither will you .
0 not that great of a place . it is quite a disappointment compared to other thai places . i went their twice .
1 food is very good . everything is clean and the service is spot on . not typical mexican food .
1 my sandwich took me to a new whole dimension . great atmosphere and amazing service a must go !
1 here at fantastic sams kids are getting there haircuts for the first time here no waiting just walked right in friendly staff i will come again .
1 great place to eat . very cheap and very big portions . staff is friendly and everything is cooked to order . i ' m a big fan .
1 divine dining experience . the food was amazing - combines best of japanese and french cuisine . the place is intimate and one feels like dining at chef ' s kitchen . worth the visit from anyone visiting montreal
0 slow service , sloppy job . pushy sales people , this definitely will be the last time we will be coming here .
1 marie was great ! thoroughly enjoyed the signature massage . nice relaxing and clean space . only regret was my limited time . definitely recommend .
1 four peaks has the best beer in the north valley with great value . i recommend this place for any beer / foodie person around .
0 not sure why this place gets such great reviews . the service was good but the food just ok and the location / atmosphere ok . \ ni found the price very expensive as well . \ nnot worth it .
0 driver did not show up . had to call him myself to ask if he was coming . the other driver he sent was over 20 minutes late .
1 great park . papi queso is way too greasy and over rated . i ' ll try something else next time .
1 best pizza in glendale . . no . . in all of phoenix . maybe . . . arizona . authentic at its best to say the least ! delicious , top spot for sure !
1 found them from groupon , and so happy i did . they have my eyebrows looking awesome . the owner is sweet , and her son is adorable . this is way better option than waxing , and they are consistent with their work .
1 we loved it . our server was so nice , the food was great . not much more to say - we will definitely return !
1 very excited to have sprouts in the neighborhood ! \ nthey have a great selection of health conscious products . \ n \ nthe staff were very nice the couple times i ' ve been there .
0 rooms aren ' t bad but the rooms bathroom is disgusting . ac didn ' t work and the maid stole something from my room . \ ngood music at the pool but overall place was whack .
1 i absolutely love this bakery : ) my first time here and i have to say i ' m hooked ! i got a free macaroon to try , it was absolutely scrumptious !
0 onion soup had too much cheese . filet had little taste , wasn ' t seasoned well , over cooked on the outside and tough . staff weren ' t very friendly .
0 service was excellent ! food was not . coffee was cold and metallic tasting , burgers had a weird taste . nothing special with everything else we ordered .
0 asked what veggies are in the teriyaki bowl and got nothing of what the girl told me . i got a bunch of mushrooms instead which i can ' t stand . .
1 nice casino and decor ! glad my gambling $ $ is going towards beautifying the place ! love the waterfall , hanging umbrellas display !
0 general tsao ' s chicken for take - out lunch broke the plastic fork i was using . i probably caught them on an off - day .
1 this place is great ! great food and a great value ! the gyro and chicken plate are out of this world !
0 terrible customer service ! walked out ! waitress was rude ! if i could i would give zero stars !
1 juicy big hamburgers . . . big fries . . . fantastic shakes \ nvery friendly staff \ n \ ninside the santa fe station casino / hotel
0 i was expecting more here , nothing really to write home about much better burgers elsewhere e . g . zinburger .
1 the inner design of this restaurant is really spacial , comfy and fresh . good service and the food i ordered was pretty innovative and tasty . it is a nice place to chill with your friends and family .
0 the pesto was lacking flavor . i was really hoping they would live up to their name , but highly disappointed . their pasta was good though as well as their pie .
1 little better than the average mexican restaurants in vegas not the best though , portions are big my meal was good to share .
1 really cool place , the flavors are very good . . not too sweet and overwhelming . . definitely lived up to the vegas theme . . try the orbital decay and earth is a blueberry
1 consistent food - great atmosphere \ nclearly a great place to bring clients . \ nservice was ok , friendly and efficent
1 best indian food i ' ve had in vegas . clean , polite , tasty , and a wide variety . \ nmy only complaint is the parking ! keep up the great work !
1 brought fresh salsa and chips as soon as i sat down and they have a great selection of specialty margaritas .
1 love this place ! they have the best sandwiches and they have the best gluten free bread ! great service and great atmosphere ! highly recommend !
0 bad service . bad breakfast . eggs were runny . bacon was over cooked . server had pissy attitude . they always pretend it is busier than it really is . going down hill . go to good egg for a great breakfast .
1 whenever i want mexican food i can ' t help but always think of this place ! my favorite place to get chorizo and eggs ! the food is great and affordable .
0 kona grill ' s sushi is comparable to the sushi that is available in grocery stores . which is terrible . for some seriously incredible sushi try hiro or yasu . kona grill is best for happy hour finger foods and cocktails .
1 i don ' t know how you can ' t go wrong . stromboli was great , fast service , lots of beers .
1 definitely an old school barber shop . even had bonaza playing on the tv . if your looking for an old fashioned barber shop this is it .
1 honesty , i don ' t know anything about the food here , but your sign twirler is awesome ! i was entertained while waiting at the stop light . i will definitely try a sandwich soon !
0 bleh - bad mcdonalds food . \ nslow service . \ nand never get orders right . ever .
0 so i couldn ' t tell you what gus ' pizza tastes like because they wanted a $ 7 service charge ( before tip ) on an $ 11 order to deliver anything . classic craphole that will be out of business soon .
1 great course for the price ! have had a lot of good times here . wide open fairways and pretty fast greens . beautiful views and friendly staff . would definitely recommend to anyone .
0 horrible food , over proced , and the place looks like a dump ! yike ! yike ! yike ! never again
1 the service is amazing . the food is amazing . no food coma . fully energized after a meal !
1 my family and i came here last night to celebrate a birthday . there were 12 of us and we got the best customer service , the food was hot when it came out . it was a wonderful experience last night .
1 a great family friendly neighborhood bar and grill ! owner vince helps out with drinks and food orders to make sure everyone is happy and satisfied ! great place to be !
0 first time meh . second time awful - - fine cut , just poor service . friend was also treated poorly ( i mean really poorly ) and i ' d hate for anyone else to go through it .
1 gave me a good deal on service i had done . . . . . about 30 % cheaper than any other service shop .
1 service is always good . i pick it up for our office alot , and even with the call in they ' re quick to get it done and the order is always right !
0 i had a new unit installed and have had nothing but problems with there \ npoor workmanship . eventually i had to a get a lot of it redone by a professional .
0 lunch menu , lame . ok service , not well executed food . boring . no real creole food . waited 15 minutes for our reserved table , and it was not even busy . would give a second chance for dinner .
1 after a horrible violating time at tailgaters down the street this place was amazing , good food and service , no molesters and great specials ! our new go to bar for sure !
0 i don ' t know about this one , since it ' s really nothing to it and the truffles and all variety of chocolate was just okay . \ n \ nnice merchandising and friendly service .
1 excellent burritos . they have that homemade taste . i can ' t believe this place is down the street from my house and passed by it daily and never considered trying it until today .
0 this airport is scary . i ' ve never encountered so many people handing out bibles to people on a layover flight . i now have no interest in flying back .
1 kasondra is amazing ! she is the first hairstylist who has really given me a cut that i loved ! i definitely recommend her !
0 this place is terrible . came here on my visit to scottsdale and a fight broke out knocking into my girlfriend and i . will never return .
1 excellent menu , wonderful food and courteous service . we always have a good experience at the gladly .
1 this place is $ $ $ $ for sure . amazing steak ! ! i ' ve been here twice and impressed both times .
1 excellent , fast , inexpensive . plain old good mexican food . i would drive across town for it , but if you live in the vicinity it ' s a must have .
0 well the service was good but i just didn ' t care for the food . i found the food to be bland and just not very flavorful . i have definitely had better and i have definitely has worse . your call .
1 our soccer team had an excellent dinner at nacho daddy . chelsea was our waitress and was awesome . she accommodated all our special request . totally recommend them if your in the henderson area
1 awesome steak house , had the crab stuffed filet . . fantastic , plus the salad cart , sorbet , and dessert tray ? you ' re blowing it if you don ' t go .
0 closed ? ! ? we drove by the other day and the signs are gone and the parking lot was empty ! ! ! ! what ' s up ? their food was great .
0 bad egg . food is not good . got the skillet which tasted like old chinese food , pancakes were so dry . our server was great however . won ' t return .
1 27 holes and a nine hole par 3 . nice course , great price !
0 always amazing to me how upscale hotels can mess up the basics . when you ' re traveling on business , things like a clean and working iron are more important than having a tv in the bathroom .
0 dinner was poor service , bad food and too expensive . good location for happy hour only .
1 the best matza ball soup ever . the pastrami sandwich is great too . this is my favorite deli to visit . the food is great .
1 close to home . excellent prices and the service has always been good . great place for a steak and baked potato . $ 9 . 95 \ nit ' s really nice to sit on the patio for breakfast .
1 i went to eat at this place when i was in town - the traditional menu is incredible . the place is small , but man the food is amazing ! ! ! ! !
0 not the best korean bbq i ' ve ever had . also has bad service . no one checked on us for refills or if we needed anything .
1 i love mimis . this is also my favorite location in the valley to go to . the service is normally great and i love their omelets and muffins .
0 awesome atmosphere and design . unfortunately the food doesn ' t keep up with the ambiance . prices were high for pre - made food . throw a chef in here and it could be an amazing spot .
1 limited parking . poorly laid out drive thru area within parking area . friendly baristas . usually packed . yummy drinks .
1 stayed in a suite and it was really nice . whirlpool tub , big bathroom , and comfortable beds . i would definitely stay there again especially for the price .
1 wow . . . the biscuit with apple butter appetizer is amazing . the atmosphere is great and so is the food . the chicken is by far the best of the meats . the warm wash cloth at the end seals the deal .
1 had the burrata and the earl ? ! both are big hits in my book ! ! ! fresh and delicious ! ! !
0 monday at 8pm and the food court is closed till friday . the beach cafe is at least an hour wait for a table ( as is room service ) , 30 minutes minimum for to - go orders .
1 excellent food , awesome staff . i can count on ray ' s again and again for a delicious meal .
0 not a fan of this hotel except the buffet and the forum shops . staff unfriendly , rooms old , plumbing problems and bad atmosphere . \ ncan ' t understand why people would stay here instead of the bellagio .
0 the other review is spot on . i made a 9 : 30 appointment . the eye doctor herself came in with wet hair at 9 : 45 ! it was another hour after that i was seen .
0 don ' t go . i got more problems and sounds on my car after i spent $ 800 there . unbelievable !
1 you will love this place ! great food and fast service makes frank & fina the great mexican restaurant . and it helps when the owners are working at the front line . you will never get a bad meal here !
1 good eats ! their juice blends are always a refreshing stop during the day . the salads , pastas and sandwiches are good & tasty !
0 i give them one stars worst service : ( manger is rude . and the pizza stinks : ( pizza hut is better then this junk : ( think twice
0 pros : nice ambience , good pianists \ ncons : no food , snacks over priced , pianists not willing to play out of their comfort zone . \ n \ ntip : for an older more relaxed crowd .
1 we had a fabulous lunch at stone and vine . the tomato sauces are excellent ! the gelato was yummy and service was very good . . . . will be going back soon ! !
1 a south hills legend . the only problems are a total lack of parking and long wait but a great pizza if you can be patient .
1 went to the galleria mall , wanted to get my hair trimmed ! so i walk in to regis & michelle did a great job : ) ! ! this is a good place to go to . . . .
1 if you want a wonderful outdoor ambiance and great food this is the place ! try the sole . . . delicious !
1 after my yoga class with my gf , had a pretty decent breakfast here . . . i like the feel of the restaurant , laid back ! ! definitely will go back again !
1 we love this venue . its a little treasure in cave creek . don ' t let the \ " " coffeehouse \ " " sign fool you . they have a large selection of beer and wine . the patio is amazing too .
1 really the best homemade \ " " pita \ " " in clt . not like your everyday pita - soft , a little spongy and delicious ! very addicting and goes great with the devine hummas and baba ganoush .
1 friendly service and my tan looked great for my trip to vegas . i ' d definitely go again !
0 1 . 5 / 5 - beef chow fun : lack of flavor , no spice , beef was a bit chewy .
1 08 / 03 / 2013 \ n \ nwe sat at the bar , king crab legs , to start , ribeye and steak tartare , cocktails and wine , everything was perfect as usual , nice job ! we will be back !
1 the vegetarian options were numerous and delicious . i wouldn ' t do the veggie paella again though . happy hour cannot be beat . when the weather allows , the outside patio along the canal is a great place to be .
1 we enjoyed another great meal at gyrosology . the shawarma and gyros are excellent . the owner listened to our dietary concerns and adjusted the recipe and it was perfect !
1 half - price deals on men ' s ralph lauren brand polo knit shirts .
1 awesome gyro meat . they make everything in front of you too . . . and amazing stuffed grape leaves ! ! def worth a visit ! ! !
1 a good walgreens . its big , got a pharmacy , its clean . very convenient location for many . : - )
1 had a thin cheese pizza and it was great . i didn ' t even ask for extra cheese but it seemed as if there was extra on it . they brought us a small order of garlic rolls and they were so good .
0 these people need to attend customer service training . their customer service reps and manager were very rude and unprofessional . there are other delivery services available that can have my service . i suggest everyone seek alternative sources as well .
1 this is one of my favorite places to grab mexican food . the food is good and it is fun to see the ducks and turtles !
0 horrible . . . every week there is a new employee and there is no consistency with how the drinks are made . they are always out of the popular donuts , and that ' s usually by 8am .
0 have eaten here at least 4 times and the food was poor every time .
1 lunch is fast and fresh and kim @ the bar is the best . . . she must be , always filled with regular customers . . .
1 the flavors are excellent , the portions large , prices fair , and service was superb . we will be back .
1 first , they do take credit and debit cards now ! \ n \ nsecond , the best eastern style bbq in charlotte period ! meat is cooked and chopped perfectly and all the sides are great .
1 another great franchise steakhouse , always great place for dinner . . . had their filet mignon and shrimp cocktail . great atmosphere , casual to nice attire .
1 i like the place ! very good pizza , byow . i recommend ! a bit loud though , but maybe that ' s what you ' re looking for !
0 tuesdays are the best ! but this last time the waiter was horrible ! !
1 favorite vendor business dinner spot near my work . someone wants me to sell their products ? meet me at ruffinos
1 awesome corn chowder , wang chung , night in bangkok the owner also threw in a trio of deserts on the house the lemon bar was the best .
0 been here two times now . i think the service is good and the establishment is clean but the food is mediocre at best .
0 well , the customer service is great and the work is spectacular , but their pricing is insane ! ! ! they wanted double what most of the other shops wanted for a fairly simple repair .
1 staff rocks , awesome happy hour , games and pool , awesome outside are ( when it ' s not too hot )
1 yummy mac & cheese & burgers ! we did byom with jalape \ u00f1os , bacon & red pepper . delish ! ! great drinks selection & atmosphere ! big patio ! enjoy meeting friends here !
0 twenty min after i call the dispatcher the driver calls to tell me another 20 minutes . cabs on phx are a joke all around . time is clearly not an issue with them .
0 the place had a lot of potential but they lack the right customer service and the hostesses almost create an uncomfortable atmosphere . food is good , drinks are good , service is absolutely terrible .
1 so happy to find a good bar and grill in apache junction . great food and good selection of beers on tap . the building is old but clean . this is a rare find in aj
1 one of my favorite restaurants in phoenix ! great atmosphere and staff ! great prime rib and chicken , especially !
1 loved the gyro , friendly staff , great location and affordable prices . will definitely return .
0 staring at 5 + empty tables just within the bar with a snippy hostess saying 25 minutes . . . . no thanks !
1 at first the menu descriptions seemed strange but the flavors were awesome . pesto pizza and fresh pasta were fantastic .
0 doctor is great . . . but everything else about this clinic is really bad . staff is rude , waiting time is forever !
1 love this place ! every time we come in the owners are so kind and welcoming , not to mention the good is amazing !
1 if you are looking to do some family activities this is the place to go . i have kids and when i am in las vegas i always go and walk all the different attractions this park has .
1 love the thin crust pizza . friendly staff and fast delivery . one of my favorite pizza delivery joints in scottsdale .
0 the food was at best mediocre and the service was slow even though it was completely empty . not recommended . masala bay on regina and erb has much better indian food .
1 i ' ll be returning . good noodle dishes , both of us had a great time here . good service . good taste . along with modest prices .
1 nice little mediterranean spot in the neighborhood . had the gyros and fries both were excellent . like the thin cut mcdonald ' s style fries . made fresh to order with fresh ingredients .
0 not very pleased with our experience . duck tasted good , but delivery was poor . we received the duck and 5 minutes later we received our rice . would not recommend or come to this location again .
1 they are fast and do quality work for a pretty good price . they took out 5 bushes replaced part of my irrigation and sprinkler system , mowed and fertilized my yard all in less than 2 hours . very nice guys !
1 excellent service . they delivered on time . friendly and nice people . i love my new matterass . i will send all my friends . \ n \ nthanks .
0 best thing about this hotel is that carnival court is right next door ! ! ! ! !
1 prima breakfast sandwich substitute for buttery croissant and add avocado might be the best breakfast sandwich of all time . delicious . also , their homemade hummus is good .
0 had the bean burro . can ' t really mess up beans , but their hot sauce is too tomato - ey and not spicy enough .
0 they are not 24 hours . much to my dismay at 3 : 30am . closed every night from 2 - 6am .
0 this hotel doesnt have enough parking space for its guests . worst place ever in vegas .
1 lola is outstanding ! by far the best coffee , the best baristas , and best atmosphere on the planet .
1 happy hour is the best time to go ! the beef empanadas and coconut shrimp is flavorful . the ultimate pina colada is refreshing . the warm chocolate pineapple upside down cake is to die for .
1 this definitely is a busy location but drive thru has this down ! friendly and quick to have my coffee and cruellers in hand to tame my bedhead and put a smile on my face .
1 they have great service and salads ! will definitely be returning in the near future !
0 i personally love their products . but i had a bad experience with the sales lady .
0 takes 30 min just to get to the bar . another 20 to get served . forget about needing a dd unless they get more bartenders
0 average bar . food not so good . a lot of regulars has potential . maybe management needs an overhaul . lol . would possibly return only for the lack of decent places in the area .
1 i really loved the green smoothie . it was so nice to get some vegetables in vegas ! they also didn ' t add any extra sugar upon request .
0 owner was very rude and mean when i asked if they can make ice cream sodas . customer service was very poor . will not stop at this dairy queen again .
1 took a bite of the onion rye bread . i felt happy . the simple pleasures in life !
1 excellent thai food ! a must - visit place form those who love asian food . food is superb . service is excellent , and the prices are very reasonable . hope they open more locations in the valley !
0 they never have anything at this store . i suggest you call in advance to make sure they have what you want but 90 % of the time you ' ll be disappointed
1 great overall but the filet was a little bland . everything else was absolutely amazing ! ! !
0 worst pizza ever . delivery took forever - driver had to call because he was lost . pizza was cold and soggy , called to talk to manager only to hear that there wasn ' t one working ! never again .
1 free tickets skattered on the strip , electro / house music in one room , hip - hop in other , casual / dressy , lots of dance space , friendly people . good fun for free .
1 best margaritas / mexican food in town . . . . . . period ! \ n \ nsay hi to brando behind the bar for me . . . . cool dude ! ! !
1 fair prices and great customer service . i have never considered a ford fusion as a \ " " premium \ " " car but it was nice and clean with 34k miles on it . i would rent here again .
0 the guy overcharged my sister for sure ! pizza was mediocre , i ' m from ny and i know what good pizza tastes like .
0 the band is horrible . they take \ n \ " " requests \ " " but know very few songs . this band is just some super cheesey pricks . the clog dancing woman was cool though . avoid these horrible musicians though
1 just recently found out about this place . went in with a bunch of old crap and came out with almost a hundred bucks in credit . i just wish i knew about it before i gave two crates of disney movies to savers .
0 i have to agree . . . very disappointing . . . sushi was not good . . . the atmosphere is decent . that ' s the only positive . . .
1 love this place ! drop in any time and spend 30 bucks for an awesome hour massage ! i try to swing by once a week after a long work day ! ! go treat yourself !
0 went to see about some dogs to adopt and never received a call back ! so thankful we found another place to find our dog .
0 food was great but they got the worse customer service . i felt like the guy was racist because i was asian and he was white . i am never going back to the restaurant again .
0 does take sbux cards but doesnt honor reward drinks . wish the barista told me before i bought a 5 dollar drink . place is inside the casino so it wreaked of cigarette smoke .
0 now i just spoke with the owner and if he keeps his promise and his word then i will be satisfied . if you want to believe me then try it for yourself
1 the fish sandwich never disappoints , and paired with the sweet potato fries it is divine ! great atmosphere and great drink specials for happy hour . wailua wheat on tap !
1 good food with big portions ! you will leave with a full stomach . . . maybe too full ! lol ! i normally don ' t eat pulled pork , but the pulled pork burrito is really good ! get it enchilada style !
1 best place to go meet friends for happy hour just get there early so you can grab a seat outside they fill up fast !
1 its a beautiful place . if you are in pittsburgh , be sure to check it out .
0 this is about the ticketing process . if you buy online you have to wait in same line as the ticket sales so be prepared to wait a long time . i wouldnt do this again .
1 got my iphone 5 fixed in no time at all . having him come out to the house was an added bonus . been a month now and things are working fine . nice work !
1 good food , good service . not sure about the corn in the green curry but otherwise it ' s always been good .
0 one and done . . . . btw i bought a groupon for this and still kinda felt ripped off .
0 put it this way . . . when your signature food is chicken fingers . . . your food sucks . good hangout spot for watching games though . lots of tvs
1 good service and fantastic steak sandwich . my girlfriend had the burger and loved it .
0 pizza hut cheese lovers is capital nasty . don ' t order it unless you want something nasty .
1 the food was good here . the service was okay . the atmosphere could use some work , but it is a basic gyro shop .
1 the food here varies depending on who is cooking , but when it ' s good it ' s melt your fucking face good .
1 my significant other and i had a great combo massage here . it was clean and safe . my massage felt great and if i was in az again , i ' ll definitely come back . : d
0 stopped in this morning to meet some folks for coffee and it was closed . the lights were off and the sign was off the front . there was no evidence that a paradise bakery had ever been there . unfortunate .
0 store and gas island are dirty . the first pump that i went to wasn ' t working with credit or debit cards . the store is not maintained very well , which is apparent with the dirty condition and the pumps not working
1 the view is stunning . it is on the 64th floor of thehotel where we stayed . the elevater is also great that i could see the strip view . 5 - 8pm happy hour . $ 8 for wine .
0 expensive ( more than dealership ) , not fast , and they really do some up - selling .
